5.0|Hello Friends! Surprised, eh? To see that the price of Mi 4i has been dropped to Rs.9999. If you are reading this review then surely you must be thinking of buying a new phone. You might also have considered other phones in this price range such as Lenovo K3 Note and Moto G 3rd Generation. I have all the three phones and I have extensively tested each one of them.I will solve your problem of selecting the best phone out of these 3 by giving you a massive comparison review.So, Let's get started! ( Note: If you have any doubts or queries regarding these three phones, please feel free to contact me on my email- kamalnayanbhatt@gmail.com. I will try my best to solve your doubts.) --------------------------- LOOK AND FEEL --------------------------- 1) Mi 4i--------- Mi 4i is really a beautiful phone. The moment you hold it in your hands, you will feel that this is a very premium phone. It is super-slim at 7.9mm and also fits in your hand perfectly. The back is matte finished and the phone does not feel slippery even if your hands are sweaty. It is a unibody kind of design and battery is non- removable. The buttons below the screen are backlit. However, you cannot add a memory card to this phone. Overall, this is a beutiful phone which looks quite premium. 2) Moto G3-------- The Moto G3 is the exact opposite of Mi 4i. It is heavier and is much more thicker. However, I am not saying it is bad at all. The phone seems very well-balanced and it has a curved back which gives a really good grip. There is the trademark Motorola dimple on the back in which you can rest your index finger. The back is textured and feels really nice to touch. The battery is non- removable because it is WATER -RESISTANT. Overall, it is a weel made phone and is comfortable to hold. 3) K3 Note------- K3 Note can never win a phone fashion contest. However, K3 is not that bad. The device overall feels solid. There are no gaps and the back cover fits perfectly. The back is matte finished and does not slip. It has thicker dimensions than Mi4i. However the buttons are not backlit. The back cover can be easily removed and the battery is also removable. The back cover is a bit thin so take care to remove the back cover carefully. >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> WINNER: Mi 4i because of its premium and slim design. -------------- DISPLAY -------------- 1) Mi 4i------ The Mi 4i sports a laminated FULL HD 1080p display which is also very beautiful. It is super-sharp with a ppi of 441. The laminated display means that it feels like you are almost touching the pixels on the screen The viewing angles are amazing and colour, contrast and saturration is top-notch. The blacks are very deep and whites are very white. This one of the best displays in this price range. The display also has a technology called SUNLIGHT DISPLAY which automatically increases the brightness of the display under direct light. Not surprisingly, the sunlight legibility is great. The display is protecte by CORNING GLASS. 2) Moto G3---------- The Moto G3 loses completely in the display segment. It is a mediocre HD display which is 720p. The ppi is 261 which is very outdated considering today's phone. It is not as sharp as Mi 4i or K3 Note. However, it is a good display with balanced colour and decent contrast levels. The plus point is that the display is protected by a GORILLA GLASS 3. The sunlight legibility is also just OK. 3) K3 Note------------ The display of K3 is a bit lower than Mi 4i. The colours look a bit warm compared to balance colours on Mi 4i. The contrast and saturation is decent. However, I leave this to personal preference. The display is also Full HD 1080p and it is a joy watching movies on this thing. There is no Gorrila Glass, however you do get a hardened glass which is good for day-to-day use. It has 5.5 inch screen with a resolution of 1980x1080 which gives a 401ppi. Also, there is no pixalation. >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> WINNER: Mi 4i because of its super-sharp display and amazing contrast. ------------------------------------------------ PERFORMANCE AND GAMING ------------------------------------------------ 1) Mi 4i--------- The Mi4i is powered by a Second-gen Snapdragon 615 which is an Octa- core chipset. It has 2 GB of RAM. The processor is very well optimized and performance is great and butter-smooth. It has never lagged even once while doing muti-tasking with even with 30 apps open in the background. Gaming performance is amazing after the latest MIUI 7 update. Earlier it used to heat like hell while gaming but now it dosen't heat that much. Played Asphalt 8 in medium graphics and the game ran extremely smoth. However, I noticed some frame- drops on High graphics in Asphalt 8. You can easily play high-end games such as MC5, GTA and Brother In Arms. Overall, this is an extremely smooth and powerful device. 2) Moto G3------------ Moto G3 has an inferior processor than Mi 4i and K3 Note. It has a Snapdragon 410 quad-core processor. It has two variants 1GB and 2 GB. However, as I have the 2GB variant, I will compare that one. Even though the processor may look out-dated on paper but thanks to STOCK ANDROID UI and Android Lollipop 5.1.1 the device performs excellently even with an inferior processor. Day- to -day usage was extremely smooth and opening apps was quite snappy on responsive. Multitasking was also good.Overall, no problems in everyday usage. However when playing high-end games like Asphalt 8 I noticed some lags in Medium graphics. I restarted the phone and again saw some lags. I don't know whether there is some problem in my device or this happens with every Moto G3. 3) K3 Note ------------ Here also day to day performance is buttery smooth. No lags even after running 30 plus apps in multi window.Coming to gaming , after the latest update gaming has very much improved. You can play heavy games but there are some frame drops here and there.But it stays cool after gaming. If you are OK with the phone getting hot, you should have no problems with Yureka+. For those who play less games K3 Note is great. >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> WINNER: Mi 4i and K3 Note. ------------------------------ USER INTERFACE ------------------------------ 1) Mi4i------------ Mi 4i runs on MIUI 7 on top of android Lollipop. It is aheavily customized ROM. It looks very similar to iOS. It is avery clean and smooth app. It is very beautiful and overall the whole UI looks a piece of art. The animations are smooth and there are tons of themes so that you can customize your phone according to your liking. There is also a feature called daily lockscreen which changes the wallpaper of your lockscreen automatically each day. There are no lags in the UI and overall using this is a wonderful experience. 2) Moto G3---------- It runs on Android 5.1.1 and will receive the Marshmallow update soon. It is a completely stock version of android and very much optimized for the phone. It gives you the chance to explore pure android without and bloatware or modifications. Extremely smooth and snappy experience ! This is great for those who want pure android and also suitable for first time users. 3) K3 Note--------- K3 runs on VIBE UI, which is Lenovo's custom skin on top of Lollipop. It has a very flat design. There is no app drawer and all icons are in the homescreen. The UI is very refreshing and colourful. Double tap to wake and sign commands are there. Option of themes is also present. UI is very stable and not at all buggy. There is also some gesture control such as blink to take selfie and double press volume rocker to take a photo when device is locked. >>>>>>>>>>>>> WINNER: Mi 4i because I think MIUI is really smooth and feature- packed. Also it is well - optimized and very colourful ! ------------- CAMERA ------------- (P.s. Check out the sample pictures from all the three phones that I have posted with the review) 1) Mi 4i-------- All the three phones have a 13 MP + 5 MP camerasThe phone has a 5MP front camera for clicking selfiesI noticed that there were absolutely no shutter lags and the focus was also very quick and steady. The pictures I took using the rear camera of the smartphone under direct sunlight came out pretty well with excellent level of detail, accurate colour reproduction and good contrast. Low-ligh images suffered a bit but still came out with decent details. 2) Moto G3---------- Pictures come out fairly detailed with minimal noise in daylight conditions. In indoor lighting and low light pictures were even better than Mi 4i. I was simply stunned by the quality of pictures the camera took. Also, as the phone is waterproof, you can try underwater photography ! Moto G3 is the best phone if you want an excellent camera. The selfie camera is also good but is not wide-angle. 3) K3 Note ---------- Both cameras perform quite well. Slightly better than Yureka. Front camera of Yureka give a slightly bluish tint but in K3 colours are natural. You need steady hands to shoot in low light, and the pictures come out great. The rear camera has full hd recording and the videos are great too. The pictures come out very good in daylight and the colours are vey accurate. Also, the 5MP selfie camera has Beautify feature which works great. >>>>>>>>>>> WINNER: Moto G3. --------------- BATTERY --------------- 1) Coolpad Note 3------- Coolpad Note 3 has a 3000 mAh battery which last almost 1.5-2 days on light usage. If you are a heavy user like me then the battery will easily last the whole day. The battery ran for 11 hours, 26 minutes in video loop test which is pretty great. You can expect to get a full day of active usage from each charge, including games and a lot of Web browsing. 4G worked well and call quality was also good. 2) Yureka+---------- Yureka has a 2500 mAh battery compared to 2900 mAh of K3 Note. Battery easily lasts 1 to 1 and half days on moderate to heavy usage. YU says it has some feature on Cyanogen which gives 30% more battery. The phone also lasts a complete day on 3G. I cannot comment on 4G battery life, as I dont have 4G in my city. 3) K3 Note ------------ The battery is very good. Drains very less. Gives about 2 days of use on moderate to heavy usage. A clear winner among the two ! Even after gaming, the battery reduces very less. 3G usage can easily give 1.5 days of usage. >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> WINNER: Coolpad Note 3 and K3 Note. ----------- SOUND ----------- 1) Mi4i--------- It has Smart PA, which amplifies sound significantly and improves playback quality while protecting speakers from damage at high volume levels . Even though the sound is quite loud but it has little or no bass and depth. The speaker quality is between low and decent. However, the quality through earphones is quite nice and I enjoyed listenin through earphones. For watching videos and playing games the speaker manages to get the job done. 2) Moto G3------------ The front firing speaker is best among the three. It gives an awesome experience and the speakers also don't get covered with hand. The sound is rich and deep and surprisingly has good bass. Also the sound through earphones is good, rich and clear and leaves nothing more to be desired. This is a great package for audiophiles. 3) K3 Note ------------ Wow ! The sound is just so loud ! Crystal clear and deep. Also Dolby Atmos is there. It can only be used while using earphones, and the experience is awesome. True 360 degree surround sound. You have to hear it to believe it ! Easily beats Yureka+ hands down. It is the best sound I have ever heard on a mobile. The treble is perfect and bass is amazing. Also, the speaker consumes very little battery even at full volume. If you love hearing songs, this is the best phone for you! >>>>>>>>>>> WINNER : Moto G3 because of loud sound and amazing bass and fron position followed closely by K3 Note with it's Dolby Atmos. -------------- VERDICT -------------- All the three phones are excellent performers for the price. However there are some differences. If you want the pure Android experience, water-resistence and and excellent camera, Moto G3 is the perfect choice for you. On the other hand, If you want a stable UI, better sound, battery and simple UI, K3 Note is for you! On the third hand, if you want super-fast experience, excellent multitasking, fantastic display and good camera, Mi 4i is the choice for you !! All three of them have some drawbacks, but what more do you want from a sub- Rs.10,000 phone? The end decision is yours. Please read my review and make an informed decision. If you found my review helpful, don't forget to hit the YES button below. It motivates me to write more helpful reviews.
4.0|??????Price - 9/10 (? 12,999) Build Quality - 9/10 Specifications - 8/10 **NOTE TO BUYER** - If you need more than 16 GB, Xiaomi has launched a 32 GB Mi 4i. If you need a good cover, you can consider the Heartly Armour Case. - BREAKDOWN - Display - 9/10 Camera - 9/10 back and 8/10 front Speaker - 7/10 Battery - 8/10 CPU - 9/10 GPU - 8/10 ? PROS: - Premium feel, light as a feather - Superb form factor, comfortable to hold and operate - Clear screen, slim bezels, sunlight display really works - No heating issues with latest update and 2nd Gen Snapdragon processor - Sharp back camera, sufficient front camera - Dual flash for different light conditions - Decent battery, lasts one full day - Dual 4G sim - Smooth but limited MIUI 6, could be better - Great for gaming - Supports HEVC/H.265 videos natively, so great for movies and videos - Free Screenguard from Xiaomi if you register your mi 4i on their website ? CONS: - No Micro SD slot (This can be a dealbreaker) - Speaker could be louder - Phone is slippery despite matte finish, definitely requires a cover for grip - Not a big upgrade from Mi 3, apart from the processor - MIUI is not the best OS, I think vanilla Android is better - No point in 4G capability since only a few cities have 4G network ? IN THE BOX: - 5" Mi 4i - Rapid Charger and USB cable - Instruction manuals - Pin to open the sim card slot Sorry for the long review below, but I didn't want to miss anything :( - PHOTOS - I have attached some photos to this review, which I clicked with the Mi 4i. All the filters are in the MIUI camera app. I hope they can give you an idea of how good the quality is. I have also included the Xiaomi Mi Pad next to the Mi 4i to give you an idea of the size. They look like brothers. - FULL REVIEW - I owned a 1st Generation Moto G before I bought this, and I was not sure about the Mi 4i. The Moto G has no expandable memory, so I am stuck with 16 GB. I have always required more space because I like to carry a lot of music with me. But I ordered the Mi 4i despite this shortcoming, because apart from the memory issue it has great specifications. The packaging of Xiaomi products is very classy. It comes in a plain cardboard box with simplistic designing, and all the necessary accessories are included inside. Makes for a great gift. No headphones are included with the Mi 4i. You can check out an awesome pair of Xiaomi Mi Piston 2 headphones by clicking on the link. - PROCESSOR & UI - The Snapdragon 615 processor, 2GB RAM and MIUI 6 (User Interface) work together to deliver a nearly flawless experience. You can see that MIUI is heavily influenced by Apple iOS, while maintaining the open-source attitude of Android. Unlike the Xiaomi tablet, this Operating System works well on phone. The OS is updated regularly, and this version is based on Android Lollipop out of the box. The Snapdragon processor and native video player support the latest video format x265. This format fits full HD movies in half the space. This means 1080p movie in ~1GB! Gaming is smooth, Asphalt 8 and FIFA 15 run for hours without any lag whatsoever. I never experienced an overheating issue, but some users were reporting heating for intense 3D games and benchmarking apps. The issue should be resolved with this updated Snapdragon. All functions such as wifi and bluetooth work perfectly, and it does well under heavy multi-tasking. I find that the MIUI launcher has limited customisation. The best way to solve this is to install Nova Launcher. The premium features of this app are incredibly powerful and pirated APKs are available online. If you like the application, I urge you to buy it through the Play Store and support the developer, it only costs 200. - DISPLAY - The screen is vivid and does a great job with colours. Picture and video quality is outstanding, and colours are warm. I feel the Moto G has a brighter screen, but the Mi 4i has warmer colours. It is responsive and no touch-lag was noticeable. I personally don't like big devices, so I think the 5" screen is the right size for portability and usability. - CAMERA & AUDIO - The 13 MP main camera is well tuned and takes excellent pictures and videos. The front camera (for video chat) is also a decent 5MP and does good quality video recording. The dual flash is a great feature when you require lighting of a warmer kind. The mono speaker on the back is clear but could have been louder. The inbuilt DIRAC sound card has been specially designed to work with Xiaomi headphones. I have a pair of Mi Piston 2 headphones, and when you change the audio settings to match the headphones, it makes the bass thump and gives the sound a studio feel. The improvement is tremendous. - BATTERY - The battery lasts one full day, and charges to 40% at hyper speed if you use the included charger and cable. But for the size (3120 mAh) and big.LITTLE technology of the Snapdragon 615, I feel it should last longer. Unlike the Mi Pad, the Mi 4i phone does not have "performance" and "balanced" modes. - ISSUES - The biggest problem I have with the phone is that memory cannot be expanded. I carry a lot of data and like to use my phone as a portable storage device, but this is not possible with the Mi 4i. It only gives 12.77 GB to the user, which is even less than the 12.92 GB offered by my Moto G. Vice President of Xiaomi Hugo Barra explained that "microSD cards are vulnerable to failure and in most cases malfunction in various conditions". Although he is right, I think this is a compromise we must make to enjoy the benefits of more memory. If the memory cannot be expanded, then the phone must be available in 32/64 GB models. Google and Apple have also given up on expandable memory, because they want users to move to cloud storage. However, this is only feasible in western countries where wifi is almost everywhere. In India, access to the internet is not always available, which is why most people like to store their data on their device. Using the cloud to store data also creates more security risks, and I can't shake the paranoia of China trying to steal my information. Apart from this, the phone is very slippery despite the matte finish. I have already dropped it twice from about 3 feet height, but it has survived both times without scratches. You will definitely need to buy a cover for the phone. The grey colour is also more attractive than the white because it blends well with the screen and bezels. Lastly, MIUI is good for first-time smartphone users and dummies, but too limited for advanced users. Original Android would have been best, but no AOSP ROM is in sight. I feel these are important issues, which is why I reduced one star in the rating. -- VERDICT -- The Mi 4i has all the ingredients of a flagship and is outstanding value for money. But 13 GB of space and no expandable memory is stupid. Maybe the more expensive 32 GB version is a better choice. - THANKS! - Thank you for reading this far! If you found my review helpful, please consider clicking the "YES" button below :)
4.0|I bought the 32GB version of mi4i and reviewed it here: http://goo.gl/4lP6lJ I have used almost every device Mi has released yet and i was really satisfied by them.That's why i decided to buy the 32GB version of Mi 4i. If you were following my reviews,i have already reviewed the Mi4 here http://goo.gl/aKiIQP Xiaomi says that the Mi 4i was designed to be a flagship phone for the 'emerging markets'. The entire package is good enough for most people looking for a powerful mid-range phone. Apart from the storage capacity, the Mi 4i 32GB specs are the same. To recap, the Xiaomi Mi 4i features a 5-inch full HD (1920×1080 pixels) IPS OGS display. Under the hood is a second-generation 1.7GHz Snapdragon 615 octa-core (1.1GHz quad-core + 1.7GHz quad-core) 64-bit processor paired with 2GB of RAM. The smartphone also features a 13-megapixel rear camera, 5-megapixel selfie camera, and a 3,120mAh battery with quick charge support. Connectivity options include dual-SIM card slots with both supporting LTE, Wi-Fi 802.11 ac, Bluetooth 4.1, and GPS, and on the software front it runs on Android Lollipop-based MIUI 6. ------------------------------------ Lets start with the review ----------------------------------- #DESIGN -------------- Xiaomi decided to go with a simplistic design with the Mi 4i in sharp contrast with their previous releases, the Mi Note (and the Note Pro). The Mi 4i uses a very simple rectangle design that utilizes a polycarbonate battery cover that is non-removable. Its soft touch matte design feels very smooth and luxurious for a phone at its price range. Xiaomi says that the rear of the Mi 4i has an anti-grease coating that won't stain even if you mark it with a permanent pen, though I never tested that out. DISPLAY -------------- The Xiaomi Mi 4i features a 5-inch, full HD IPS display with 441ppi (pixels per inch). Its got a great screen which is far superior in sunlight readability or outdoors than the competition . I compared the Mi 4i's display with the Mi 4 and saw that its older sibling displays more vibrant colors and overall better color definition. But it doesn't make mi4i inferior ,in real life scenarios probably you cant see the difference unless you really i need to. PERFORMANCE ------------------------- Xiaomi uses the Snapdragon 615 processor, which the company says was especially tweaked by Qualcomm for the Mi 4i. The second generation version of the 615 uses a slightly faster main cores (four cores running at 1.7GHz) and four 1.1GHz lower energy consumption cores for mundane tasks. Paired with the 615 processor is 2GB of RAM plus the 32GB of non-expandable storage. The Mi 4i got a score of 42418 via Antutu, which is a pretty decent score for a phone at its price range. Heating ------------- As its snapdragon 615 the heating issue is kind of a normal.But still xiomi did there best in tweaking it for mi4i and helped reduce the heating to some extent. The Mi 4i is no exception ' under full throttle, the phone registered a very hot 44.5 degree Celsius. But it wasn't uncomfortably hot to hold, rather like the Mi Note Pro. With normal browsing, the phone reaches up to 36 degrees Celsius, dropping to 33 in standby Mode.. Will update the review after upgrading to MIUI 7. CAMERA --------------- Xiaomi Mi 4i is equipped with a 13-megapixel rear camera with dual-tone LED flash, along with a f/1.8 aperture for extraordinary low light performance.Even though there is no optical image stabilization the pictures came out really sharp. The color reproduction is fairly on the higher side and you surely can't get something better at this price. Talking about the selfie,The wide angle lens again wins over most of the selfie crazy phones at this budget.Which again is a plus point. In terms of overall video recording the quality is really good and the noise cancelling microphones does a great job. Battery -------------- Good battery life Xiaomi has equipped the Mi 4i with a 3k+mAh battery. This allows the phone to go around full day of normal use with browsing, calling and watching videos in Facebook. and much more. The battery gets recharged pretty quickly considering the capacity. Didn't notice any quick draining as of yet. Conclusion ---------------- Its really worth investing over the MI4i 16GB.I would surely recommend the 32GB version if you don't wanna carry OTG pen drives everywhere you go. ---------------------- One Last thing ---------------------- Just in case if you read my whole review and liked it, then please consider clicking on the 'YES' button below. Have a nice day...
1.0|Don't buy this piece of crap and waste your money. Has serious network issues and can't latch on to a network for more than a few minutes. My cheap ass Micromax phone with single band HSPA performed better in terms of connectivity than this s***ty Chinese novelty. And if you are having a bad day already, you might just end up breaking this dummy into pieces.
5.0|I got this phone at a discount of Rs. 3000/- from Amazon during the sale week. I was initially skeptic of buying it as many had reported heating issues. However, i still went ahead with it as these issues have been reported to be countered by recent MIUI updates which regulate the processor performances to avoid overheating. The product came in well before delivery date and did give out heating signs on first boot. However, I quickly got the MIUI updated to the latest version and haven't experienced any heating ever since. All in all, the phone is light, slim and gives out a premium vibe. The camera is really good and lives upto expectations. This is a real steal in this range. Go for it if your budget is between 10-13k!
5.0|Excellent phone. Must buy. Gets heated up a lot but I've asked for a replacement, and hopefully the problem wont persist. Battery : Takes a long time to charge, but charge stays for around 24 hours with decent usage. Display : Best in class. Everything looks SO much better in HD display, my friends are all so envious of the display. Front cam : It says only 5 MP, but the photos taken are amazing. Back cam: Makes me wonder if I am using a DSLR. It's that good. Heating : Phone heats up a LOT but I've put a good back cover so I dont feel it much. Note, there is an update available which claims to reduce the heating problem. MIUI : The user interface is okay-ish. A little uncomfortable initially, but you can get used to it and then it will be decent enough. Volume : Speaker volume and quality is decent. But alarm volume is not very high. Memory : Only 16GB, but the user is left with around 10GB, which is good enough for any average person with 1000 photos and 2000 songs :P There might still be a few GB left over. Overall it's an excellent buy, a steal at this price. The display in (OP in gaming language) out of the world, and the cameras are both awesome. The memory limit doesn't really bother you much and an update is all it takes to get rid of the heating problem. Buy it blindly.
5.0|This is an amazing phone at the price-point by Mi. I am blown away by the display quality, the build quality and the beautiful UI. The cameras - both front and back are very very good too and produce quality images. The battery on moderate to heavy use easily lasts a day and a half. I was originally targeting a sub 10k phone and even ordered and received the Yureka Plus. That phone turned out to be garbage. It overheated, the battery drained and the display quality was poor compared to what was advertised. There were issues with Cyanogen as well. So, better sense prevailed and I returned it to Amazon after 2-3 days of painful use. When amazon reduced prices on all Mi devices by a 1000 I decided to stretch my budget a bit and pick it up. And boy am I glad that I did. This phone feels like a quality product in hand. Unlike, I am afraid to say Micromax or Yu devices (both of which I have owned), which feel flimsy and unreliable. I got this phone in yellow and the colour is beautifully mellow. Understated (despite being yellow!). A quality device. I'd recommend buying it without thinking twice if it is in your budget. Ps - I couldn't find too many normal camera images of the yellow coloured device when I was looking for them before buying, so am posting one here for others who might be looking.
3.0|It is an average device. Main problems I faced till now(after 36hrs)... 1) Taking too much time for getting fully charged. 2) rear camera is not good in low light, too much noise. 3) not as smooth performance as should be afterall it has octacore processor and 2 gb ram. 4) battary backup is avarage. 5) display is not 440ppi, I'm sure. Good things about mi4i 1) front camera, superb also in low light. 2) build quality. 3) some extra features related to notifications. 4) cool look, easy to hold. 5) good OS. Finally I am thinking to return this product. It's not value for money.
1.0|Got it on discount for 9999....it doesn't even worth the price....feeling very said. Should hv bought one pluse 2. It's hangs a lot believe me a lot!!!!!!!!!!!! It's a s***ty phone...I don't know why so many people are rating it so good. All the good reviews are useless.... Don't believe them....
1.0|DO NOT Buy this product (Mi 4i). For 10 days it was working fine or may be I took time to be comfortable with this phone (Mi 4i) and suddenly found that phone getting restarted intermittently plus when I click on Camera it says "Can not connect to camera. Try rebooting your device." It had gone 10 days + since I bought this phone so Amazon rejected the replace order. I tried calling Mi support but they are just not listening and providing useless ideas to fix this issue.Do not know what to do. It is Amazon who irresponsibly providing platform to cheaters for cheating with our hard earned money.
3.0|Phone is okay for the price. There is a slight heating problem, more than usual for smartphones. Anybody who has owned a smartphone knows that every phone heats up on extensive gaming and wifi use. My problem was that the Charger Adapter that came with the handset was faulty, didn't work. Amazon said the whole item had to be replaced but i was fine with the phone. Xiaomi has a lot of ground to cover and offer better services to its customers and better products.
3.0|I received order yesterday.. I ordered it on16 oct.. And received on 23 oct. Phone is good. Pricewise value for money. But it is bit slow. RAM is inadequate. Camera nice. But bit slow.. In Games closes suddenly. Very slow. Loading very slow. Battery discharges faster on wifi.. 5 hr battery back when wifi and gaming is on. But for 10000 rs its ok. Dont expect much features in this price. Phone very slim slippery fallen thrice in one day hope i will get adapted. If looking for good battery?, gaming, wifi, speedy phone dont purchase. Heating problem very little. Hope u will get some help from my review
1.0|Please Never Buy this Device... i Know most of you like me will think that it is a Spam or some other seller wants to lower the reputation of MI But Believe me: Quality of this phone is soo bad that in just 10 days and a very small pressure while sleeping has broken its screen and its hairline scratch, but phone stopped respond to the touch, now a phone without touch is of no use.. i am regretting my purchase.. Earlier i have used HTC One and Samsung Galaxy s5, even the fall from my hand, had several small screen breakage but never stopped working. Please go for some good product, their Build quality is worst. i just bought this on Million day sale and look within 10 days, i am again with no phone and my hard earned 10k went to loss.
5.0|Superbbbbbbbb..... Awesome awesome Awesome..... I just love this phone.. Was bored with Black/White mobiles... I bought YELLOW color Mi4i and its definitely an eye catcher!!!! Check the pics I uploaded. You will get an idea on the size of this phone also 4.7" Sony Xperia J - 5" Mi4i - 7.9" Mi Pad comparison pic i have uploaded for those folks who wanna get an idea on the size of mi4i :-) Amazon! Very nice service guys... Doing good. Opted for 2 days delivery, got it next day itself! Support on queries over various products were also nice.
4.0|Excellent phone with the best camera...
1.0|1st time i bought it looking at the reviews. it had technical fault and asked for return. i got another one and this one too is having internet problem. only whatsapp works for mobile data and i cant even do a google search. even if i switch and off the phone & mobile data. external search works for only 20 secs. even i cant download any app in play store. seriously f*****g mobile i have ever seen. WORST! very WORST! moreover AMAZON's 10 days return policy is too less. Please have a return policy for atleast 20 days. Seriously I suffer buying this mobile. Can't able to return also.
5.0|i always wanted to buy a good smart phone...... with all the features and a good camera....... and my budget was 13,000..... i can just say one thing this is the best phone in such a low budget... with excellent sound clearity... awesome front and back camera... light weight.. and a very attractive look . which everyone wants........ mi4i box didnt contain an earphones so i purchased skullcandy earphones... these earphones are giving an amazing sound. i got this phone just for 9,999....and it was delivered with 2 days......
1.0|Have bought this phone on Diwali sale. Got the phone yesterday . Had basic expectations regaridng phone Byt sorry to say touch is very poor and the speaker of the phone is as bad as a chineese local phone... When you play music at medium volume the speaker starts bursting and sound comes very poor Full volume of rungtonw is quite low ... Seems like a chineese cheap phone Mynadvoce dnt read fake reviews here.. I have initiated for a refund lest hope i get refund
1.0|I am having a very bad expeiernce with this phone ( Mi4i) . All the time this phone is hanging .Several times in a day I have to reboot the phone however memory is completely empty as there are no songs and games in the phone . This phone is complete wastage of money . One should not just go for the specifications mentioned on the paper . Moto’s phones are much better than Xiomi even their specifications on paper looks very less in comparison to Ximo
5.0|Loved the phone.... Was in great dilemma after seeing all the negative customer reviews (heating, call drop, call quality ,battery etc. etc.) on nearly all sites. Still I liked the look and spec of the mobile. Somehow I made up my mind that I ll take a chance. The main turning point was that it is available on Amazon ( mobile was delivered to me in exact 15 hrs after ordering - marvellous). It was only because i had lot of confidence on Amazon ( and its return policy to be specific) i bought it from Amazon and not any other e-tailer. The phone proved my expectation correct - fantastic looks , great performance , superb call clarity , well thought music player, superb camera quality and the great and stunning sunlight display. Good phone at a great price.
1.0|[[ASIN:B0104ZR8E6 Mi 4i (16GB, White)] TOO MUCH heat, dont buy we can prepare omlet if you are speaking more than 2 min., i asked for replacement, even after replacement also same problem. I dono how inidian govt allowing such worst product in market, if you are using this phone continuously for sure people will be deaf soon. Atleast they can provide free headset in the box but its not there.. TOOOOOO BAAAAAAAD.
1.0|My worst phone purchase ever.... it stopped working with in 10 days! Mother board failed as per Mi service center. Now I am stuck with rude Mi Service center at Cochin. They are inaccessible over phone. will have to go all the way there to hear from that it will take 15 days more. I would never by any Mi Products due to their poor quality product and inadequate service facility.
1.0|Let's talk the obvious first-- I am huge fan of Amazon. "No one" comes close to what amazon can do. Period. Now the real issue: I bought Mi4i in October 3rd week. It got swiftly delivered in a day (since I paid for 1 day guaranteed delivery). But the it reached me, I had to urgently leave for Jharkhand for family reasons. The amazon package was yet to be opened. I arrived at Mumbai yesterday. When I tried switching on my Mi4i, it didn't. I thought maybe the battery would have died. So I plugged it to charge throughout the night (one thing I noticed all this while was that 'the Mi logo kept flashing all the time' but nothing further happened. I tried switching on several time. But nothing worked. Knowing Amazon will easily take care of this like it always does, I called them up complaining about the "faulty" product I was accidentally sent. However they refused a replacement as "10 days replacement guarantee is over". One thing they fail to understand that the product was " defective " since the Beginning. That Amazon shipped me a faulty phone. P.S. the phone is in brand new condition. Let alone using, it's the first time i have touched it.
4.0|First things first. There is no Video Calling option. You have to use a third party app like Hangouts, Skype, etc. This phone is well built. Fell down about 5-10 times, luckily no damage. Applying various coupons and cashback I managed to get this phone for 8500/-. It is just worth that money and not a penny more. Battery: It stays for nearly one day without charging. I am an typical user, syncing my phone every second. Still it manages to stay till 9pm in the night. RAM usage: Everytime you clear all your apps, It still uses 1.3gb of RAM. Leaving only 700mb of 2gb available. Speed: Not really great. It loads up things just like my previous phone Redmi 1s. Technically there could be a difference, but you would hardly notice it. Heating: There is not much of heating when compared with other smart phones. A+ on that. Others: 1. Great camera. 2. Great UI response. No lag noticed. 3. Occasionally reboots automatically. 4. Frequent disconnect from Mobile Data, and takes time to automatically connect. 5. No internal memory
5.0|Hi MIuns, I have purchased Mi4i in October 17, 2015 online and still there is not at all any problem I faced with my Mi4i-16GB. Its functioning verrrrrrryyyyyy good. Specially I would like to appreciate the battery life, its amazing. I have to charge battery just twice in a week, verrrryyyyy excellent performance. Operating system is really excellent. Recently I have updated it to MIUI7 very easily. Other notable qualities that meet my expectations compared to any other reputed branded mobiles in the market & I have: Good Sound Quality. Classic Appearance. Lightweight. Easy Settings that optimize its performance. Excellent Camera both front & rear, Very good picture & Video quality. Powerful Battery. Operating system, apps functioning wonderfully. Still it has many places to improve with new technology but is fine at the moment. Finally, I would say it has fulfilled all my expectations, I feel purchase of Mi4i is worth & wise decision I have taken. Thank You Xiomi. Makarand.
4.0|I have bought this product during holidays for INR 9999. Product delivered perfectly on time as promised. Now after using this mobile for 1 month, here's my review: Pros: (1) Camera quality is real good. (2) If you are ok with custom skin, then MIUI will be fantastic for you. I have updated to MIUI 7 and it has improved my phone's performance a tad. (3) I have installed two-three heavy games, they run without glitch so far. (4) Phone is light and slick and easy to hold in your hand. Cons: (1) Heating problem is there, if you take simultaneous 10-15 photos, phone heats up, but it cools down fast and for normal usage you can manage with the heating. But if you are an all-time gamer or all-time talker then probably it's not for you. (2) The sound quality can be much better, the microphone is ok but speaker quality can be much improved. Overall verdict: If you are looking for a mobile for a specific purpose (Gaming/Photo/Music), then it's not for you. It's a cheap phone for average user. And it's absolutely value for money if I get 15% discount on INR 9999 because of HDFC card in future. You will not get this a phone with this specs and quality anywhere in INR 8500.
5.0|Best phone upto 15k range. Worth buy. Camera: Best upto 25k phones, I was not able to differentiate the same picture which was taken from iphone 6 and from mi4i. You can capture & put that photo as your wallpaper. I have uploaded some pictures which was taken by me with the same phone. Battery: This is the only con in mi4i. Its not upto that mark if you will use mobile data continuously. It will work upto 15-18 hours in 2g and 10-12 hours in 3g. But if you use wifi then it will defntly work for one & half day minimum. There is no heating problem at all as people mention that phone heats more..bla..bla.. Its normal heating there, Even iphone also heats upto that limit. Speed: 2gb ram is given but user can utilize only 1gb. So all pre installed app & main function will run on that 1gb Part which is not for user,, its good. In remaining 1gb, all app will run which will be installed by user. Game: I dont know why people play game in mobile phones even after avilability of laptops..computer..xbox etc.. Mobiles are not for playing hames at all.. I never played any game in mobile so i cant tell you the performance about gaming. Look: Perfect, you will love it.. without cover it seems an extraordinary mobile with curvey shape at the coorners, Best look.. Overall: Its a worth buy product upto 15k range even the best product in that range. Just go for it..you will love it.
5.0|I bought this phone around a month back after doing my research for a long time. I had Samsung note 1 previously which I bought for 35k. In 3 years it became extremely slow even after few formats and a battery change. I was not able to whole heartedly buy a new phone because of the huge amount invested in the old phone. So I decided to buy low cost phones always because for 10 k you have the liberty of even purchasing a latest phone each year or whenever you feel like upgrading . Finally I decided to buy either MI 5 if it is launched soon or mi4i ( if price drops ) . Finally, I bought this phone for 8500 ( 9999 mrp - 10 % cash back) 16 GB version Mi4i did not make me feel like I am using a low cost phone at all. The phone is excellent for this price. I bought this because many people suggested MI is always value for money. Cam clarity: Cam clarity is good. But my brother using Samsung s5 says his cam is better than this. Photos and videos on my phone looks great. Haven't yet checked and compared in laptop with my previous Samsung note or my brothers Samsung s5. Compared in few of my friends phones in the same price range and this one is better than theirs Speakers : Average. Processor: Great speed even without using performance mode Heating issues: I am an average user. Did too much of talking and browsing. Did not do gaming. Did not face any heating issue. I updated 4g SIM few days back. Only one time I faced very little bit heat. it is not unmanageable. not sure if it is because long browsing over 4g network. Even I am typing this review for more than 30 to 45 minutes in non air-conditioned room over WiFi. Did not face any heating issue. Battery : Great battery backup. Phone is definitely working for at least 1 day (24 hours) for average to above average user. I use 4g while leaving outside home. After coming home turn off 4g and switch to WiFi. I always have network on. I don't switch to 2g or 3g for battery saving. Weight: Extremely light weight. The phone is easily holdable in hand and 5 inch is easy to operate in single hand OS : Miui is but different than plain vanilla android but it is good and simple. STORAGE: The only caveat in this phone is no expandable memory. For an average user I think he need to backup once in 2 or 3 months. I liked 32gb variant. But only the 16 GB came with the exciting offer. Overall great buy and great product from Mi.
5.0|I bought the white Mi4i and what a marvellous piece of art it is. In the below review, I will stick to only a few points where a new buyer would want clarity. I have been using it for a week now. About the software: The icing on the cake is Xiaomi's own software (UI) which provides options galore for the control freak. At every stage, there is an option for whatever you want to do there. Cant get more intuitive than this. Permissions given to individual apps can be controlled. Actions that would take several clicks on any other android phone can be achieved in just one or two. Even the screen size can be altered for one-handed use with just a swipe. About the hardware: The dimensions of the phone are just excellent. Very thin, very light, very balanced. With a thin bexel, it does not feel wide. It can easily be held in one hand. The outer polycarbonate body is not damage-proof as some videos might suggest. The white shell is also very slippery in the hand. This phone needs a case (I suggest the Nillkin rubberised case from Amazon). About the heating problem: There is no heating problem when used normally. I have done everything with this except gaming. And the warmth generated is very mild. About the radiation problem: Even though the radiation levels are well within Indian specifications, this phone is among those with higher radiation levels. Better to use good ear-phones for long use. About the camera: The camera is excellent. But video-recording in full HD produced less than optimum results. Battery: For me, the battery lasts a day and half with about an hour of talktime but with almost continuous use of wifi for browsing and downloading files. Overall an emphatic 'buy' rating for the price.
5.0|DO TAKE SOFTWARE UPDATE V6.5.5.0 OR ABOVE FOR ELIMINATING HEATING ISSUES 1. Heating issue of the processor I have used the device for about a day without updating the software to v6.5.5.0. Observed pretty heavy heating while multitasking. After updating the software, trust me, the heat emitted by the gadget is very less.. While multi tasking with multiple apps opened such as facebook, whatsapp, message etc the heat temperature measured is only 43° which is pretty acceptable, tested the same with a friend in his mi3, even he got the measured temp of above 50° in same conditions... So xiaomi have very well controlled the heat emitted by the hardware sd615, which is well known for emitting large volume of heat.. But do remember, take the latest software update!!! 2. Antutu benchmark scored about 39k in performance mode and about 28k in balanced mode... I believe these are pretty good scores in terms of performance... 3. Is heavy gaming possible with mi4i? will it emit more heat while heavy gaming? My answer would be mi4i can handle pretty heavy gaming.. Atleast see d antutu scores... I have played asphalt8, one of the most 3d complex game available in the market, for continuously about 20mins, measured temperature of the device after that never exceeded 55°..these are pretty acceptable standards for any gadgets, i believe... 4. Is lollipop miui6 have any difference than its kitkat version? Absolutly no.. Miui6 skin over kitkat or lollipop looks pretty identical, i cannot spot a single difference between those.. Moreover miui6 over€ kitkat or lollipiop, it already have 90% features of the lollipop, including on screen notifications... 5. For techies around here, as compared to mi3, mi4i only have a single system on which rom is installed, so forget about dual boot here.. Also mi4i initially had user available storage space of about 11gb, which is 1gb less than that of mi3. I could understand this is because of the heavy lollipop
5.0|After my try out with multiple phones, I decided to give a shot with Xiaomi phone and chosen Mi4i. Before purchasing it I was suffering with following issues with my older phones that I was hating to meet again in a newer phone. 1. Proximity sensor issues [Faced with Lumia 520, Yu Yuphoria] 2. Power button issue [Lumia 520] 3. Short of internal memory [Android one/ Micromax A1] 4. Call receiver speaker non-functioning or with low volume [Karbonn Titanium Dazzle S201, Nokia C3-00] 5. Wifi issue/Baseband issues [Samsung Galaxy R] I got faster delivery, Thanks Amazon for your quick service. Phone build quality : Excellent. Craftsmanship! Phone stability : Superb. Baseband ,calling quality : super Wifi behavior : Excellent MIUI : Stock android is always better. UI not so great but still its fine. This is only negative I found so far. Battery life : Waw! Display QUALITY : Superb! Any thing wrong I found : NO! So overall go for it! Its good phone and as I purchased taking all discounts...for me its super value for money!
4.0|Hi Guys, I'm writing this review for MI 4I. I bought this phone during mid Oct sale and have had a pleasant experience till now. Listing the things I liked the most : 1)This phone looks great in hand and is light on weight. The display is super with 1080 x 1920 pixels resolution. 2) It is slim and has a poly carbonate back cover. 3) I loved the User Interface designed for MI. The phone continued to amaze me with distinguishing feature. One hand touch, double tap and open message from lock screen,swap camera by scrolling finger up/down,pocket lock,pinch zoom notifications etc to name a few. 4) Camera quality is brilliant. I captured some pictures with back camera and with One plus 2 camera. The picture quality was comparatively better in MI4I 5) In comparison to other phones for same configuration , MI 4I is priced less Things I didn't like : Heating issue- Though with the recent MI4i update,the heating issue is solved to great extent. So I won't complain more on this. Overall - Great buy. Great technology and innovation.
4.0|MI 4I (Yellow) Overall rating 8/10 After using for 15days I'm typing my review First of all thanks to Amazon for quick delivery, I have opted for two day delivery but I received within a day! I have got this mobile for rs10000 in offer, best deal! Camera : Awesome quality, Rear one good and Front camera is best one to take selfie. Processor : 1.7Ghz Snapdragon great speed. Though 2GB RAM OS occupies nearly 1GB, but speed is good even after installing more apps. Games - good response and good graphics quality Touch : Really touch sensitivity is very nice. Heating : I have got some heating issues but after updating my OS to MIUI 6.7 the issue is resolved Don't consider negative reviews or feedback, just update or format ur OS the issues will get resolved. Weight : very compatible one, light weighted and easy to handle MIUI : I really love it, awesome themes and wallpaper. A unique look At this price no other mobile Will compete, don't consider negative feedback just go for it. Perfect specifications at this price and quality of xiaomi MIUI is awesome and great
4.0|The phone comes in completely sealed box so no issue of phone to be refurbished. The delivery was quick. Talking about the phone, it is a great value for the price that you pay. I've been using it since 4 days and I'm delighted by the performance of this phone. All heavy games and multitasking flows smoothly and does not lag, so the ram and the processor does its job efficiently. Though phone gets heated, but its very rare and theres no serious heating issues as other reviewers has exaggerated of it getting heated like an iron press. So don't worry about it and just go for it. Taking about the camera , it really captures great snaps even in dark. I've also compared its picture quality with nexus 5's camera and I found that mi4i 's snaps were comparable to that of nexus 5 and at night mi4i captured better quality image than nexus. Front camera too has stunning capture capabilities. Also it has dual tone led flash light which is more brighter. Display is also awesome. Battery lasts for one full day(normal use_internet_casual gaming) So don't think too much,if this phone fits in your budget you should definitely go for it because at this price, this is the best you can get....
4.0|I amsubmitting my review after using mi4i 32 GB for 1 month and I would honestly confess that I had become great fan of the phone. Pros 1. It's sleek design and sturdiness screen has gorilla glass .I had dropped it without cover and screen guard but phone sustained without any damage 2. Smart themes really love few 3. It's smooth and fast . the phone has never hung since 1 month. It's 2gb ram and processor is awesome 3. Camera is mind blowing with HDR quality option. Even front camera is smart and photos are awesome. 4. Speaker and sound quality upto mark 5. Mi cloud storage is added option Cons 1. No SD card slot .but you can manage with 32 GB internal.memory 2. No flash for front camera. Truly speaking you don't require one the image quality is good enough even in dark. 3. Battery back up is average although it's 3060 mah . but phone charges very fast. 4. It does gets heated up fast but its not very troublesome. Overall I really liked this phone and would recommend to buy if you are bored with Samsung HTC Sony. Its features are like iPhone with economical price.
5.0|Awesome phone. Great service by amazon. Fastest free delivery. Mi 4i is superb phone in this price range. Realy u will enjoy. Just blindly go for it. I purchsed 3 mi products from amazon sellor is e-mobiles. Very good seller. Best value for money. It is a monster phone. Very simple to use but fastest phone in avg price range.dont know what is hang in this phone lol. But if u are searching for the best ear phone for mi 4i. Then browse mistore given in ur phone and buy mi in ear head phone just @999.this is the place where u get the genuine ear phone for mi. In other shopping site it is fake. Still maximum ear phone support it. But mi in ear earphone is realy awsome at least way better then sanheiser and sony and skulcandy and jbl in the range till 2500.it is realy cheap and best. The sound effect and bass awsome. I compared it with others and took risk to buy it cz less coments are there for its in ear earphone. But realy it is the best of best to my mi 4i.even it is working with other devices. Love it
5.0|Thanks for Great Indian Festival Sale of AMAZON and 15 % Cash back of HDFC. The price of phone is biggest factor, finally I got this phone around 8.5 K. So much satisfied on Amazon One Day Delivery. Why all are going for Xioami brand 1. Under budget price giving good reasonable product 2. Strong battery backup 3. Integrating all third party software such as cleanup, DU battery saver etc. within MIUI 4. Premium Display Quality 5. Awesome Touch sensitivity _____________________________________________ Features : Dual-SIM dual-standby capability 5.0" 1080p IPS capacitive touchscreen, 441ppi (Note : iPhone 6 only have 326ppi) Octa-core Cortex-A53 CPU (4x 1.7GHz plus 4x 1.0GHz), 2GB of RAM, Adreno 405 GPU; Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 chipset 13MP autofocus camera, dual-LED (dual-tone) flash; HDR, Panorama 1080@30fps, 480p@120fps video recording 16GB of built-in storage Cat. 4 LTE (150/50Mbps); Wi-Fi b/g/n; Bluetooth 4.1; GPS/GLONASS; FM radio; microUSB 3,120 mAh battery capacity 3.5mm headphone jack, active noise cancellation with a dedicated mic Android 5.0.2 with MIUI v6.0 Cons: No memory expansion only. Final verdict : Value for money.
5.0|After spending a year with the Redmi 1S, I was completely in love with Xiaomi products! Bought this one because the 1S was running out of battery and memory quickly. This upgrade has definitely been worth it. I don't face any memory or battery issues now, and the phone is so totally awesome :) It's very light weight and slim and doesn't come pre-installed with any bloatware software, that's why I love MIUI because the features baked-in are power packed. The other problem I faced with the 1S was video recording and audio quality, which have completely gone away with the 4i. It's been one month now since I've had this phone, and I am more than happy with it plus I'm a very satisfied Amazon customer because I got this phone for Rs.1000 less. This phone reminds me a lot of my old iPhone 4S, with a very similar look and feel, which I was so relieved to let go of. My advice to you: If you're looking for a budget flagship phone, THIS IS IT!! Look no further, #MiFan over and out.
5.0|Amazing product... Really satisfied... Built quality is excellent... Lightweight..... Amazing camera.... Both front and rear.... Heating issue can be resolved by downloading clean master..... Each and every android smart phone has this heating issue..... So don't judge with this prob only..... Rest is totally fine at this price range.
5.0|A review after using xiaomi mi4i for a month ..... Just go for it..!! Dnt kno about the people who gave 1 star to this product , whether they got a defective product or what.. but honestly...this phone is of premium quality... --it is slim n beautiful.. n feels very comfortable in ur hand .. --excellent battery life...lasts a day easily even with the heavy usage... --camera is the best in class..videos aren't sharp though but good... --i've got four updates since the purchase....n bugs are removed on each of them... --haven't faced heating issues...that may be because i live in shimla --display is wonderful --touch is comparable to even i-phone n im not kidding... --call quality is excellent...beats microsoft, htc and samsung..n ofcourse others --yes..storage is going to be an issue because only 12.5 Gig is available to the user --i got this phone for 9999....n this amount is worth spending on this beauty
1.0|Very bad phone after deleting storage folder phone memory gets clean & services of Mi 4i is too too bad this thing apply on all authorized centres of mi & also very bad support of email & there help line number is for only displaying call is disconnected. Very very bad phone!!! don't go for this.
3.0|I bought it on offer for 10K..i received after 4 days..using since last four days..like to share few things here for new buyers. 1)Mobile data is not connecting some times..(It is connecting when we turn off and on) 2)it has a issue of lagging..eventhough it has 2GB ram..not opening apps quickly (pls note i have no games in my phone,only few aps,not even more than 50MB) 3)Battery is week,more than 3000ams i am getting only one day battery life hardly 4)when we put covers back ,heat is tremendous..otherwise ok 5)Camera quality is so good for this price range 6)don't buy tampered galss..it is not fitting corectly..it is half covering the front cam,waste of money. if u buy in offers i.e between 8k to 10k is ok phone ....but 13k is high bcz of lagging issue,battery,net connect..etc overall i am neutral here
4.0|Current MIUI Version: MIUI 6.6.10| Stable I'm writing this review to share my experience on Xiaomi Mi4i after 2 Months of Usage. I'm a medium user with no serious gaming. I multitask a lot and here's is my genuine review: Pros: [+] Very Light weight and slim with premium looks. It feels great in holding in hand. The build quality is also great. [+] You can easily use with one hand. [+] 1080p FHD Display is one of the best displays employed in the 10k-20k range smartphones. The colour reproduction is excellent. [+] Excellent 5 MP Front Camera 13 MP Rear Camera. The photos are sharp and vivid enough. [+] After the 6.6.6 Update, we get 1 GB RAM free out of 2 GB RAM. No issues or lags with multitasking. [+] The Quickcharge v2.0 feature is very handy and helps us to charge the 3030 mAh battery fast. [+] With the latest updates, the battery stands for 2 Days with casual usage. At heavy usage, it lasts a whole day. So the battery seems great for a normal usage. [+] MIUI v6 is wonderful to use and has lots of features. Also the OTG, Sunlight Display and Other Sensors works well. [+] The Smart Flip Cover makes it grip to hold and also adds protection to device without adding bulkiness. The Sleep Wake sensor also works fine. Cons: [-] As you heard in all reviews, YES, the phone does heats under gaming. But under normal usage, it DOES not heat. The heating issue may be due to Snapdragon 615 chipset. But after the cover was put on, i barely noticed heating. So dont get down with the "heating" if you are not a gamer. [-] Expandable storage may be an issue for some users, but i'm happy with the 16 gigs. Also the OTG helps us if we want to store any large files. *Please understand that Xiaomi is working hard in giving updates for this phone and rectifying bugs. This is evident from the fact that after my purchase i got frequent updates: 6.5.6 -> 6.6.1 -> 6.6.2 -> 6.6.6->6.6.10(Latest). So dont worry, i think the phone will be updated with a stable rom soon. *The MIUI forum is very helpful for understanding the new developments and also to clear our doubts regarding the phone. ADVICE: Please do a FACTORY RESET after an update. This will fix all the issues. Also Try to use original Mi accessories to retain its looks. FINAL VERDICT: The Mi4i definitey is a strong competer in the sub 15K segment with lot of stellar features including Display, Camera etc but having issues of heating under gaming. So for a casual to medium user who wants an overall best user experience, Mi4i is a great device to look for. For gamers, stay away from this Device. RATING: 4/5
4.0|Firstly I would like to thank amazon for its faster delivery services.Now coming to the device ..Picture quality of the camera is awesome and good in low light as well.I would strongly recommend to buy a case cover to protect phone from falling from your hand as the back body of the mobile is so soft and even though I updated it to MIUI 6 heating still persisted. Whenever I use headphones and remove them the headphone symbol is still seen and disappears only after some time.After closing high end games like asphalt 8 and other high end apps a blue screen blinks and disappears.. Hope this may be lost in further updates.. And coming to price it is suggest able to buy if you wish to taste Xiaomi's technology and I insist on updating the mobile to decrease the heating of the device.Charging time of the mobile is less that's a good one
5.0|Excellent phone. Amazon and E-Mobile (the seller) did an excellent job at securing the phone nicely for transportation. The phone arrived days before the first expected delivery date. Phone works fine, and the specs are really amazing. I don't think there's any other phone that can compete with this one in the market for this price range. I think that Lei Jun (Xiaomi's Founder) has created a revolution in India with this phone...this phone is designed for many people, but also for someone who is new to the smartphone experience. I would highly recommend this phone to anyone and everyone. Just about EVERYONE of my relatives and friends is totally satisfied after seeing it and checking out its features. Some even want to get it for themselves! Thanks for the Big Navratri Sale, Amazon, as I got the phone for only Rs. 9,999.00!
5.0|Excellent product. Received in a company sealed packing. Amazon delivered it earlier than promised. Got it at a discounted rate due to Sale on Amazon.in. Mi4i is really worth buying. Has good speed due to its 2GB RAM and 16BG ROM and of course due to Octacore processor. Though, it does not have a memory card slot i.e. we cannot add memory to its inbuilt memory, the need does not arise. Using since 16th Oct. 2015. No lagging, excellent speed, good battery performance. The data transfer was easy from my old phone with the help of Software Data Cable App. Data can also be transferred with the help of any other similar App available on Play Store. Excellent display and many options of display are in-built in the phone. Keep tracking, and don't miss the opportunity to grab it on a discounted price as and when available online.
5.0|This Phone is Great piece of Hardware/software. But just to clear it is not a Gaming phone. Hardcore mobile games can go for other options. Works great in everyday use. Quite comfortable in chit-chatting, texting and calls, Longs calls can be cumbersome sometime as the phone has sharp edges. As far as heating issue concern, personally i did not find any coz i think at normal room temperature all device heats to that extent. I'm only disappointed with the RAM usage that this phone. Phone have 2GB of RAM and only 800-900 max available that's the best i got till now. Beside my phone did not have any heavy apps. I wonder what it would be when i install some useful apps. But over all happy with the phone and Amazon Service and Delivery. It was a Box piece and was well sealed and packed. Thanks Amazon Again
4.0|Phone - It is a good phone for the price Cons : > Feels Plasticky,it is definitely not a flagship phone > It has heating issue (gets warm compared to Moto G) buy only if you can live with that > MIUI is quirky and takes 0.55% of the available ram > Memory not expandable - what a buzzkill! Pros: > Display is at par with other flagships and marginally better than MI4 > Look and feel will atleast impress you if not overawe you > MIUI has some cool features Auto brightness , One hand mode , themes etc > Hardware under the hood is very capable considering the pricing for this model Delivery - Amazon WOW! , impressive , bezos is putting the dollars in correct business function Much better than than the other ecom giant
1.0|Never buy these chinese phone really so many problems in these phone Google play services problem
4.0|Good mobile Worth for money.... Performance is also good.... I bought on plus 2 and MI 4i. Mi4i front camera is more better than One plus 2. Touch response and display is awesome... Main drawback is heating problem i am facing more heating problem while speaking in phone and play games. I am aware of it before buying but heating problem is higher than i expected. Storage capacity is less but u can make use of MI cloud facility. It takes more time to charge while connected to PC but u can charge in power socket it take only decent time. I bought it for Rs.9999 with Rs. 1500 Cashback so actual price is Rs.8500. If your are not bothered about heating issue and storage space u can go for it. Please dont compare this high end mobiles. Please compare this with mobiles with this price range.
3.0|My rating is only for the great spec but not usefull because i have 7 days experience in this phone .i found 2 major problm in this mi4i phone. 1 . Over heating like oven i am saying seriously . We can use these spec .bcoz we cant call long time we cant put in to pocket we cant play game long time bcoz this phone is heating high 65 degree . 2. Call drop automatically . I cant take important calls bcoz call drop often . Some time every 2-3 mins call drop while talking. So please think 2 times before buying this product .this review is 100%true belive me . One more thing updation is not solve these problm 100% every updation have lots of bugs . S i am back to maa iphone . Very good seller i got this phone within 2 days .
1.0|Pros: Good looking Iron, weight is less, doesn't heat up so much that it would burn clothes. Works on battery, so no fear of electric shock. Can be used as a paperweight also. Mom is asking me to use it as a vegetable cutting board. Cons: I thought this was a mobile phone.
4.0|Very good phone with small limitations.. Initial impressions after 3 weeks of use.. Pros Excellent build quality and looks Fantastic display Excellent battery life. Good form factor for a 5 inch display.. Very convenient to hold. Excellent call quality Very good wifi reception better than oneplus which I have been using for over a year. Very good camera and excellent shutter speed. Cons Gets warm very quickly 16 gb storage is very limited and not sufficient for a power user. User interface cosumes about 1 gb of ram Overall best bang for the buck.. Got it as a gift for my mom and it's absolutely worth the price. Hopefully the device works well in the long run.
2.0|As everybody Mentioned that this phone is a iron I just ignored and decided to buy this phone, now I know what is the real heating issue. I've upgraded the MIUI to latest immediately expecting the heating will be better handled but its not. Camera is excellent, if you are browsing or seeing Youtube and if you get a call immediately you can't attend the call due to heat its so hot. I am not sure if Xaomi planning for a future firmware release to address this. Simply by starting the phone itself you will fell the heat .The purpose of the phone is not met. May be you can use it as a gadget , Camera , gaming, youtube , ignoring the heat. This is a genuine review next day after receiving the phone. I am think of returning the phone and order another one.
1.0|Item I received is not original..its picture quality and camera is inferior then my same previous model which i had purchased 4 months ago from flip kart. u are cheater.plz take it back and refund me...otherwise I would file a complaint against u in consumer court.
4.0|Camera 9/10 Display 10/10 Touch response 10/10 Battery life 9/10 Speed 7.5/10 (miui is a little laggy but they promise to improve in update) Speakers 7/10 (amazing quality but the Max vol is a little lower than I want) Style 8.5/10 Software(miui) 7/10 Cons- no earphones, overheats alot on asphalt 8 and other heavy games, no SD card slot (which as actually good if u Google - no high end phones have SD card slots) , miui lacks app drawer (can fix with a launcher). Conclusion - Probably the best buy for the budget - the phone is amazing and the mi drive is useful - it beat my friends Samsung phone in speed camera (brighter flash) design and alot more - but if ud like moto- g3 works too.
5.0|Awesome Phone, Worth Buying. Got it for Dhanteras Sale at 9,999 and an additional cashback of 15%. Following are the factors which I liked it so much after using it for an week now. 1. Super Cool Display which is crystal clear 2. MI UI looks beautiful - Home Screen customization options, Color adjustment of notification lights, One Hand mode, etc., 3. Camera both front and back is really good 4. Design of the Phone is really good, with slim and outer body looks really cool. Initially when the phone is switched on for the first time, it lags (was slow in opening apps), but it is faster after a restart. Phone heats up when playing games continuously for an hour or so, but it is manageable.
3.0|Disclaimer: I AM NOT A POWER USER. Phone ran hot for a few hours after the updates. Never after that. Very weird behaviour in my opinion. Display is pretty and bright enough on a sunny day. Battery lasts me a day and a half without effort. The OS is sluggish at best. XIAOMI needs to do a lot of optimization to get it running smoothly. Will update this section after the MIUI 7 update. Highly recommend the flip cover from the MI store for Rs.500. The phone is good enough for Rs.8500 (HDFC cash back offer). Do I recommend this phone? NO FOR Rs.13000, but for 10K, you need to consider it as an option. Amazon delivery was on time and the package was well put together.
5.0|First of all hatsoff to amazon by delivered the product Speedier than Flipkart . I received in 22 hours. Abt Product : Mi4i Stunning Performance . UI is awesome almost similar like iPhone Played real football which is running Butter Smooth Display is full HD which is Very Crispy to see the Photos and Watch Movies Camera Quality never expected that this much awwwwwwsome.Delivering Stunning Quality Photos in both Rear and Front . Music is not very good . U can Listen thats it Many People Complained abt Heating Issues, Yeah Little heat is there when u r running many app in background and that is normal in all the Phones. Overall 300% Satisfied for 9k :)
3.0|I got this ordered by my friend as my account had some problems. There are minor issues not very visible to the eye in the first go. Like the display is brighter towards the edges. The screen is not really white, it has a blue tint. This will be clear when you compare it with motog. I am a ui fanatic and these sutle things disappoint me a alot!! Otherwise the mobile is good. The camera quality is very good. A photo taken at 8pm (no more sun around) of a person beside a fountain gets you a very clear picture of the person and the fountain (infact u can see the water threads very clearly). This was not expected and amazing for me. I like the customization-s mi had done to the UI. The smooth animations is awesome!
5.0|I received This Phone yesterday ...First Thank You Amazon for Fast Delivery....Amazing Service by Amazon.com......i got this phone offer 9999/- +15% Cashback on HDFC creadit Card it's Rs.8,500/-. 1) Mi4i its Awsm mb by Xiaomi in less price higher configuration. 2)after read lot of reviews but no any heating issue in mobile last night used more than 5 hours continuously but not heating any issue. 3) Light weight,screen touch feel like premium,everything is awsm.camera also decent. 4)Gray color is most stylish as compare to other ,selfie good. go for it if u r budget under 15000/- not bad option. Drawback 1)headset not with mobile 2)Sometime games not play smoothly but ok ok...
4.0|This product is simply worth the price. With octa core processor and 2GB OF RAM, you get a performance which is called "good" in the Android world. Also the pictures and videos shot with the camera were good quality, just need some practice.
5.0|excellent product i was wandering for the blue color MI4I and finally got at 9999 rs.... product is good built quality is excellent working smoothly but i am disappointed by the packaging of amazon because they gave very poor packing to my mobile of rs. 9999 but the used to give air bag packing with the silly product under the cost of 1000 but when comes the matter of mobile phone of rs 10000 the provide very very poor packing i was lucky who got my phone without any damage with this much of packing, but it would not be same for all the time of other buyers so be aware....... product is very good no doubt but amazon have to give strong packing for safe delivery ....:)
4.0|Hi, I have brought this product from Amazon for 9999 /- Rs. If you are a rational consumer and wants to buy a value for money product and your price range is in between 10,000 /- to 13,000 /- then you should prefer this phone. Before Mi 4i, I have used Mi3, Red Mi 1s, Red Mi Note & Lenovo A6000+ but frankly speaking this is very good phone in terms of Built Quality, Looks, Camera, Display, User Interface & Performance. The one and only drawback is its limited memory option in 16 GB variant you can get only 10.45 GB free which is too low for some users. If low memory has a problem then i prefer go for 32GB variant or wait for Mi 4c. Thanks Rahul Gupta
2.0|The physical built of the phone is very disappointing. It is not very sturdy as per the price. The grip is bad, and slips often. My touch screen broke and became unresponsive within a month of the purchase. The phone got dropped from hand. I dropped my other phones before many times, but this is the first time screen of a phone broke. I personally know others for whom also the screen broke very easily. If you search online you will see many reviews complaining about this. About the functionality of the phone, it is quite average. It will do all the work of a smartphone, but you won't get a WOW feeling. Price wise, I can accept the functionality, but not the physical built.
5.0|I would say MI4I is just amazing. I was very tentative before purchasing since there was too much noise about phone heating up and also some one said we can prepare an omlet on this phone. I picked up as I got this for 8.5k after cashback and Amazon discount. You wont get a phone with so many features at 8.5k so took a chance. To be very honest, this phone is worth every penny. Picture clarity, screen resolution, performance and response all too good. Phone do get heated if you watch videos for a while. This happens with every phone. I have spoken upto 20 mins in one go and no heating up. So I would say this phone is excellent and value for money. Go for it...
5.0|Brilliant product. Probably the best Xiaomi product after Mi 3, I have used. UI is a bliss and it has spoilt me to no end. I cannot upgrade to Samswine or Crapple or HTC now. Once you use this MIUI, there is no point of return. Beware, it is actually a warning. After using Mi 3, upgraded to S5 Galaxy and boy what a dumbed down UI TouchWiz is. Complete douche! MIUI is far more intelligent, it senses what you are gonna do. Copying a number from website, will prompt you if you wanna dial it. Running benchmarks, it will prompt you to switch to performance mode to increase best benchmark performance...damn how much I missed these, can't tell you. Happy to be a Xiaomi owner!
4.0|All in all it's a good performer. Only 3 issues are there with this phone: 1. Heating issue, especially near the camera top side of the phone. 2. Low light camera quality is not that great. 3. It is not exactly an issue but I would say a design bluff. The speaker grill at the back is not having any stereo speakers rather just a single speaker, which can be easily tested by placing your finger on half side of the grill and then playing any music. Notice the sound is muted on one side of the grill. Also, do this test without any case or cover on the phone. Rest, I think it is the best phone when you consider the price of this phone.
4.0|Phone is very good but still not Upto the mark those who have camera performance Problem pls downgrade Miui version to 6.5.6 or 6.5.3 bcus with after version of 6.5.6 camera performance take a dip Camera focus problem on low light for long distance ...for that i suggest "open camera app" Performance is good on daily basis, not a single lag but gamers will feel lag on some high end games display its best part better than amoled screen battery backup is upto the mark. mi4i its good package mobile if you ignore some minor things i writing these review after one month usage totally satisfied wid mobile.
5.0|I still use an S6 Edge but after ordering Redmi 2 Prime for my dad I was so impressed with Xiaomi and ordered mi4i. I feel it's better than S6 Edge. Much quicker processing and better battery. More than value for money.
4.0|Phone is good nice cam everything is good ... Bt on 3g network only watsaap works no other sites browsing and youtube wont work... Need help ....checked out all setting and modes bt stil didnt help it at all.
5.0|FIRST BEST THING IN THIS PHONE IS CAMERA , PHONES 13MP CAMERA IS AWASOME ,PHOTOS OF THIS PHONE IS CAPTURED LIKE IPHONE 6 , PERFORMANCE IS GOOD BUT 16 GB INTERNAL NE MAJA KHARAB KIYA BUT MEMORY NE MAJA KIRKIRA KAR DIYA BTW PHONES 1080P VIDEO IS ALSO GOOD , FRONT 5MP BHI BADIYA HAI SCREEN 1080P DEKHNE MAI MAJA AATA HAI VIDEOS ND HARDWARE IS GOOD . OVER ALL YOU CAN SAY , IPHONE TO NHI PAR IPHONE SE KUM BHI NHI ...
1.0|Pathetic Piece of work. The phone is faulty, only whatsapp is working & not able to browse anything. Agony is i was able to find this after 15 days of delivery. Hence i cant return it...Now only option is to sell it.
4.0|this is one of the best under 20k nd the best under 13000.there were some confusions between lenovo k3 note but after using mi4i its clear. Pros:- awesome screen good camera very food built,slim n sexy. dual 4g sim suppot. miui is awsome to use with the combination of lollipop 5.0.2. lots of customization options given. fast nd lag free. Cons:- no storage options given. earphones are not available in the box. a bit of heating issue but after a long use, not usually. over all i would say its a good deal in 13k.its quality+style+specs. xiomi has done a good job.
1.0|I bought this phone about a month back. Yesterday, the touch would not work and then I realized that it got a think line crack (hard to even notice). Never dropped the phone, it was in my pocket and probably got some bit of extra pressure. This is not covered under warranty and now I have got to spend about Rs 4000 to get the touch screen replaced. I had a Samsung Galaxy S2 before and accidentally dropped it several times but the screen never broke. Also, my wife got a crack on her's and was still able to use it. Only with Xiaomi, you cannot use the phone even with a minor crack on screen. Very frustrating.
5.0|First of all, Thanks to amazon for such fast service, Product Quality was good. This phone is really awesome.I saw so many reviews like the phone is heating ( Someone commented as they are making ROTTI and OMELLETTE USING THIS PHONE ) But it is not heating like that. I have also faced same problem when i am playing high resolution game and its around 45 Degree.. But its is common for all mobiles. I got the MIUI7 Update now heating issue is resolved... Its is Slim, nice fishing, Camera clarity is good. battery back is awesome.... NICE Mobile with NICE Price....... Now i am big fan of XIAOMI
1.0|I am a frequent smart phone user and have also used Apple, Sony, Samsung products. Also I already have 3 xiaomi phones- Mi3, Redmi 2 and Redmi note. All 3 were purchased from flipkart and are working fine. However with the purchase of Mi4i from Amazon, I am thoroughly dissapointed. Mi4i is extremely bad product, hangs a lotttt, extremely slow performance, and lot of times both the parties to the call are unable to listen to each other (neither the voice from Mi4i reaches the recipient nor the voice of other party can be listened. The moment different phone is used everything works fine). Also the volume is extremely low. Not sure whether its a genuine manufacturing problem or might have got refurbished phone. But whatsoever, I am highly dissatisfied.
4.0|The phone is very good with a nice bright screen and good response. The battery life also seems to be quite decent.Only issue is of internal storage of only 16GB of which only 10.75 GB is available to user. So keep this point in mind before buying it.The packaging was good and delivery was fast. Only issue was Amazon advertised that there was cash back of 15% on HDFC+ app but I was not able to make payment multiple times in spite of having a valid debit card and balance in account. I got no intimation from bank on why payment failed. It would be good if Amazon can give an explanation on why payment failed from their side.
5.0|Loving the phone.. It's been still not more than half a month, but love the phone every time iI have it in my hand.. Occasionally found it heating at high data usage but can be ignored for shear feel of it!
3.0|I am using this phone from last 1 week Pros:- Good design, look, avg Good battery backup, good camera(Front/Back),Light weight,good price Cons:- Heating problem is there and Sometime Phone is hanging
4.0|I'd have rated five star if its have expandable storage or else i've found no reason to worried Things to Consider. 1. Excellent design (Inspired) 2. Excellent camera 3. Performance great Specially touch is great 4.I like notification and lower key led 5. The BEST MIUI7 with Android Lolipop 6. Perfect pocket size 5" with excellent color reproduction 7.Slim and light weight 8.Good Battery - last for a day with heavy usage Things could have improved. 1. Expandable storage 2.Little heating issues (its obvious -need not to worried about heating)
3.0|The handset didn't reboot after charging and the handset is just displaying mi and it's heating up. Customer Support number +91 8049129109 is not accessible, recorded message coming that all lines are busy.
5.0|It is very beautiful product , I ordered it as i need best camera quality,battery backup,latest version,2gb ram & in my budget AND all it is in one mobile mi4i It is the best of best !!!!!!!!
3.0|heating problem is there. i bought two phone but one i returned. because sar value is not available. and phone warm up when in pocket and calls. plz fix it. overall phone look and camera quality is so good.
3.0|The product is best functionality wise. But it gets heated very quickly even while we are on call for 5 minutes. I wonder if this is a faulty piece. I request a response from the concerned person
3.0|After using of around 20days of the mobile. I feel the overall experience neither Good nor Bad! It has a great performance in some features but has worst too in some area. I feel the touch of phone is very smooth & responsive. Camera quality is best in this range. But facing some heating issue during internet surfing, processing speed is very slow some time. Hanging & reboot problem specially during browsing. Taking more at the power on. Storage capacity is not sufficient. After 15 days of usase it got full only in camera pictures & normal downloading.
1.0|This is second phone I received and having volume issues. Earlier there was front camera issues. How to deal with problems every fortnightly. I am not at all happy with product. If is utter water of time
5.0|I have purchased this product this diwali, now it has been around 20days I m using this phone.. Below list of some pros and cons which I experience in these days: First i want to ask Amazon.. Why r u playing with the price.. Pros: *Great display *Normal battery backup ,, normal use with rare data use - 28hr, heavy data use - 16hr, wifi browsing often - 20hr *Super Touch *Slim Design *Great Camera Cons: *Heating when ,, using data, charging, calling too much *Poor Buttons *Noise cancellation not good *Speaker is not good
3.0|Processing speed is low than Mi3. Heating issue. Over saturated colours of pics captured from camera. Pethetic courier service and helpless call centre service. Over all good cell phone.
5.0|Nice Phone pros display 10/10 rear camera 9.5/10 corns minor heating while heavy gaming and no SD card :( but the looks and UI makes it up LOVE MI
3.0|First of all hats off to Amazon for there excellent service even there return service. I am using different xiaomi phone from last one year MI3 Reademe note all were excellent but this time xiaomi disappointed me. Screen gets off whenever I call anyone and any keys doesn't work even power button, back button . I cannot cut, hold, record call even if I call customer care I can't select language as screen gets off. Screen remains off until the person on the other side cuts the phone I even cannot cut the phone. Rest other features of the phone excellent specially camera quality.
4.0|Delivery by amazon Was good and on time as promised.The packaging was intact .Now about the phone its simply value for money.Excellent display with good sunlight visibility.Call quality is awesome and faced no issues on the phone.The heating issues are fixed .no more heating .Excellent camera beats the phone with higher price bracket.Audio quality through the earphones is one of the best. Speaker is little low but is loud enough to listen the ringing of the cell.Battery lasted a full day with medium usage. Miui is best .I recommend updating the ui to miui 7 developer rather than stable
1.0|Opened phone from box 4days back. Nice looking one with good specs. Touch is good and performance is good. But off late I realized that phone gets to sleep mode and then switched off if its kept idle for some time. Initially I thought that this is due lack of charge. I did full charge and kept on observation for couple of days then i concluded this a phone problem. I searched net and couldn't find a fix for it yet.. Even though phone looks good has good specs but if I have to do some activity continuously to prevent it from getting switched off then its basic purpose is defeated..
5.0|First of all hats off to amazone delivery service. It delivers quickly and conveniently. Now back to phone: The phone is great at this price range with amazing features. Ai bought this phone for my mother thinking that she I not that tech savy. It meets her expectations of being simple in operation. Many people said about heating and ram problem, but with 1st update it goes off. Camera is awesome, we in family prefer camera of mi4i over moto g 3rd gen, micromax canvas knight for its clarity and light sensitivity. Overall best in its category and range.
1.0|The piece which I have received even after replacement...is heating so much that I can barely hold it....just normal Bluetooth transfer does get heat up...think twice if ua purchase tiz..!!
4.0|4 stars because of it's looks and functioning Didn't rate 5th star because of poor network acceleration. Everytime i connect it to internet i goes well but after few minutes it's connectivity goes down to zero and meanwhile if i need to browse more it says no network while shows connectivity to network @0.00K/s. So i need to disconnect time and again for single browse result. Even now while writing this review internet speed is 0.02K/s. Same sim works well in my redmi 1s. If anyone knows a solution please tell at ravi20feb@gmail.com
5.0|Geart phone 2gb ram, 16gb, rom, 13mp, camera with dual flash 5mp front camera quality is one of the best, Great service by Amazon thank you Amazon for given me greatest phone
1.0|Very much disappointed with the performance. Software got crashed twice in 1 month. Corrupted Software upgrade versions are being release due to which most of the users facing issues.
3.0|Out of 2 GB RAM ONLY 850 is available before installing Amy additional app. Hanging within two days when opening camera and some basic application.. Getting heat..
3.0|Good Camera Front and back both are really good...mobile heats up like anything surely not a good phone for gamers...processor and ram is nt as expected sometimes lags when multitasking...MI doesnt provide a headset and the most hated thing is back cover doesnt comes out sim card slot is in sides which opens by a pin which is provided by MI in box that is really a poor thinking..speakers omg nokia 1100 sounds better on headset its fine internal available 10gb that is pretty fair cant extend...will suggest to buy a different phone in this range
1.0|I ordered this phone last week and a faulty product with cosmetic defects was sent to me. I immediately returned the product. Looks like there is zero Quality control at Xiaomi.
2.0|Mi4i has lot of heating problem. Even while charging it gets heated up quickly within few minutes. Camera is good but sound quality is just average. Plus it has non removable back cover which is a negetive point. Guys go for a moto g variant which is more reliable. Also miui uses lot of memory. Though mi4i has 2 gb ram but only 830 mb ram is available to user and 10 out of 16 gb internal memory is free for use. I bought it for rs10000 in sale but in my opinion moto g3 would have been a better option as its hardware n interface is better.
5.0|Excellent phone I didn't encountered any major problems with this phone . there are so many negative reviews about this phone regarding heating problem , which I didnt faced. If you want an experience of iphones built quality at this price point , then this is the best you can get. Works smoothly , doesnt hang at all , and the front camera is just awsome Just go for it and last thing - amazon is the best online destination for shopping , delievered the mi 4i in just two days and that too during festive season . Love u amazon
4.0|The mi4i is a good purchase for this price. It has a premium look and feel. Camera is also good. Battery backup is a thing I am little concerned about. I could not get a full day of charge even though I used only WiFi for connecting to the internet. Anyways I will be tweaking around to see what can be done to improve it. :) Special mention for Amazon for making the delivery within one day. That was great. The reason why I opted Amazon although most of the e-sellers were selling mi4i at the same price during this sale season.
1.0|Hi, The package delivered too late. the first installment charged even before the package delivered. the Camera does not work ! Bless my stupidity for buying this product.
4.0|Very Good phone. Camera quality in HD mode is awesome. Battery life so far is good but should remain the same after a year. Phone has good sharpness on applications as well. the manufacturer has not provided the earphones with the kit, thats something very unusual. Phone gets heated up if Net is kept on for a while. if charging and net are both on, then its gets really heated up. put a good flip cover to minimise the heating effect. but still a Good phone, worth the price. Non - Extension of memory is another set back i should say.
4.0|As per hardware and battery combination this would be the best phone but the Software failes to meet the requirement of general use. Some problems I noticed with my handset. 1. If you are calling using SIM1, SIM2 will be not reachable. (Lenovo Vibe X2 used to show call waiting). 2. Sometimes echo of my own voice is being heard. 3. Frequently, call fails to connect and you head your own voice. 4. In some networks, if call is not answered, then you hear own voice or whatever is being played at background.
5.0|when you got all features in mobile and you don't have to pay heavy amount there is no limit of joy. this mobile full hd screen so good. so fast speed processor. thin,sleek. just heat during charging and gaming but its not a big deal. this mobile better my all previous mobiles about 20000, 25000 30000 rs. go for it. thanks xiaomi for this. now waiting for xiaomi mi note pro in india. unique feature for front camera selfie.by software it make selfie so cool.your friends will say wow..
4.0|I have taken this phone during Diwali offer. Thanks to amazon for on time delivery. Over all on every point phone is good. Cons: 1. More sensitive : suddenly fell down from hand and a crack on screen .. Make sure whomever nots buy this phone, buy it after buying use it with tempered glass and a good case . 2. Getting warm while playing games: I have downloaded one small skewing game. Just with few mins of play phone is getting warmer. I have even updated to MIUI7 . Still the problem continues.
4.0|I bought this phone for 9999/- in the recently concluded amazon sale and its more than its worth. Hands down it is the best phone in this price range. Likes- 1.Light weight and the feel of the phone is really good 2.Front camera quality is far better than its competitiors. 3.No heating issues as such. 4.Battery life is good and charging speed is fast. Dislikes. 1.The response is a bit slow while playing games Overall.. Please buy this phone if your budget is under 15k.
4.0|Hi, I have purchased this product on Oct 17, 2015 and i am using it from last one week. Following is my honest feedback to this product - 1) Battery performance is good 2) Touch is good. 3) Initially there was problems with connecting few sites on 2G/3G data connectivity like Google search, amazon app, play store etc. This makes me really very irritating and upset. But it's resolved after changing APN setting (from Airtel Live to Mobile Office). 4) And on WiFi it works fine. 4) usable storage around 12 GB ROM and 1 GB RAM.
4.0|Overall a good phone. Pros 1. More lightweight than others only 130 grams. 2. Very good single hand use, hard to believe screen is 5' 3. Battery backup is decent, not great as expected of a 3k+ battery. 4. Camera is good as expected Cons 1. MIUI 6 with android consumes at least 1 GB of RAM even when you are not running apps. 2. Charging is slow as compared to Samsung phones 3. No micro SD card slot is a pain as only 10 gb is usable and you can easily exhaust it.
3.0|I have ordered White color MI4i. Look wise phone is not that classy. White color looks like plastic. All the applications including MI core applications gets updated immediately after connecting to internet. That means MI has given all the outdated versions of the apps. Even though it is 16GB memory phone, that is not the available memory. Total available memory is at around 12 GB. The GUI is not that appealing. No ear phones given. Expected more out of it as it is 13000 Rs phone, but it is not up to my expectations.
5.0|The Xiaomi Mi 4i is a strong value for money buy if you want a phone online stores offering now just Rs.10,000. However, it won't please enthusiasts and power users who want flawless performance...some body saying mobile heating issue but i also littel much faced it but when i am useing internet with as well as in charging time..that also little mush i think not it is major problem..snd another storge issue it also not a big..users memory given 12gb next camera awsome..soo it is the best smartphone for value of money
5.0|Using this phone from five days with no lags ,no problems related to software & hardware ,it worth my money spent on it ,even it rocks when i got it on amazon sale in INR 9999 +15% cash back.. will definately recommend all my friends MI4I is setting a trend in smartphones with superb specifications & low cost.. cons: lack of accesories in market i:e headphones back covers & all (thanks to nokia bh-503 for my bluetooth headphones) speaker volume could be little high (but i`ll manage)
1.0|Internet access is big problem...I can access it by hotspot wifi from another phone, but at same place with mobile data it intermittly woks. Confused between H and H+.
2.0|hopeless result , I have brought MI4I since nov16 and applied update after updated it was not showing me contact detail as well received calls and dial no details. i approached MI service center. They degraded again the software and suggested me not apply the updates. Now what happened phone and network is not running properly. ...Called to amazon service center. Amazon told me we were not the rights place .you have to go MI service center again. So please don't go for chip price and CHINA made ...
2.0|The mobile was absolutely fabulous and there are no comments on the hardware as well as software. But unfortunately i was surprised to notice that the proximity sensor stopped working once i installed the SIM cards. It should be a manufafturing defect but still problem is a problem so i have decided to get this piece replaced by another hoping it would be a perfect phone unlike this. Though i was happy with my choice I am not able to rate it good as big manufacturers such as Xiaomi can sell products like this.
1.0|Why the hell there is no headphone given?? Mi shall improve this, all other competant brands provide headphones?? It wont affect the price adversely in any case..
1.0|Friends dont buy Mi4i for 10 thousand because these are returned mobiles this the why they are giving for this price because I was experience d
4.0|I recommended you this product, Display - 5 star Touch - 5 star Look - 5 star Processor- 4 star Memory Management - 5 star Camera - 4 star Selfie Camera - 5 star Basic Differences between mi4 and mi4i are processor - mi4i octa core( 2 processor...at same time multitasking is really fast) -mi4 quad core Camera difference mi4 is able to shoot in 4k quality video where mi4i is not mi4i selfie camera is better
1.0|Hangs frequently. The manufacturer don't listen at all. Not worth even Rs 500. 00.tried to contact the manufacturer, but it seems they are least concern
4.0|The product I received was well packaged. I updated the phone to miui 6.7.2. There is no overheating issue after update. It only heats a little while charging using my fast charger. Asphalt 8 played smoothly. But the battery as per the information in the box was 3030mAh instead of 3120mAh(which was shown in advertisement of Amazon's website). The phones auto flash was not synchronized with the time of clicking pictures after update. But its a great phone if you don't need more storage.
2.0|I have bought this phone during sale period for 9999. Before this phone i owned a Mi3 which got screen damage because of a fall. As an year long happy user of Mi3, I was more biased towards Xiomi product, went ahead to buying Mi4i and thats where I made a MISTAKE. Apart from looks Mi4i is very poor compared to my old Mi3 in almost all areas. Pros (all same as Mi3): - Camera - almost same as Mi3 or marginally better. - Screen quality - battery life - Gorilla Glass - not available in most of the phone in this price range and it was must for me. Cons - ITS A HEATER - with a 15-20 minutes of wifi use like simple browsing or doing WA, it heats up like anything from top. You can not take call till you lock the phone and wait for 2 mnts. If you take calls you will surely burn your ears like I did :(. i googled this and found that almost 70% of Mi4i users are facing this issue. Xiomi has provided the upgrade claims to fix the issue, I did that 800+ MB of upgrade even after that its heating and i don't see much improvement in the problem. - Slower - I feel its bit slower than K3 note that my brother has and I feel even Mi3 was better than this phone when it comes to responsiveness. I am a basic user who use phone for WA, browsing and reading. I don't do gaming much just played subway surfer and was ok with its response but again it was heating after 10-15 of play so can say its not for Gamers or heavy user for sure. Bottom line: I would not recommend this phone to anyone, heating is a MAJOR issue for me and makes this phone unusable.
4.0|Review after 3days of use (9999) Display- vivid n crisp full HD , nice viewing angles 10/10 Touch- nice responsive 8/10 Camera- nice even in low light In day light it take detailed pics 8/10 UI - MIUI 7 good but miss a enjoy of pure android. 6/10 Battery- not up to the mark BT average 6/10 Processor- good , legs rarely 9/10 Mic- It average 7/10 It shows flag of crashing of google services
4.0|It is good experience with the phone. There is no heating issue also as some reviews mentioned. Design is good and easy to carry with only 130gm weight. I am not a heavy user and with 3g off battery lasts for 2 days. with 3g on 1.5 day. I tested with few games and performance was good. I did not overload it with too many applications and test it. There could have been provision for micro sd card as 16gb is a constraint for music,photos,videos etc.
1.0|It's touch is not good. little bit scratch can damage it's touch and your phone will be use less. I bought this phone after one month i put in my jeans' s pocket when i put it out from my pocket it not working because it's touch was damaged. There is no service available everywhere. so it's repair cost is too much, you can buy new smart phone at this repair cost. This phone get very hot while working. After saving contact we can not edit. It has problem of hanging also.
3.0|Product is good in looks , camera clarity is super, but none of the google apps are working even after the system updation..and phone is heating a lot
2.0|Battery backup & heating problem very much
3.0|Mi4i boasts many things like 13MP/5MP camera, 3030 mAh battery, 1.7 GHz processor and many many things. But in terms of delivery its not even equal to 8 MP camera and 2000mAh battery. Overall product is good at this price. But battery cant last even for full working day (even on 2G connection). With 3G it will be dead in few hours. It has heating problems also which can create boils on your ear. I would suggest go for some other brand, spend more and buy good.
5.0|Love this phone. Its sleek, trendy and offers good performance. I wish I could say the same for the operating system, the UI to be precise. I like the MIUI a lot which adds a lot of features directly to the OS which required me to download several apps on my Nexus 5 with stock android. But I miss the stock android performance. I hope when the MIUI7 arrives on Mi4i, its helps reduce the performance issues and make this a much loveable device.
1.0|Some times its keys doesn't work and some time the screen got blank which makes the phone hang. Replace the phone with a sealed pack new cell phone
2.0|It is a good phone, was slim and looked classy, But it has this issue of not going beyond 50% when charged, now that eats up all the other credits.
3.0|I had heard the phone heats up.... I was expecting it anyways considering the configuration... however, it heats up too much.... also, the interface is not as smooth as I had expected... there is lag in activities as well (and this is a scenario when I have installed very few apps, read 14). Pros: Looks, sleakness, camera Cons: Lags, heats up. I had a MI3 and it was much smoother that this mobile.... Would not recommend.
1.0|The internal memory only 11.8GB instead of 16GB..these peoples are fooling us. Pl don't bye this product, heating problem, Poor camera clarity.
1.0|Very bad mobile can make a omlete on the mobile gets heated in 2 minutes huge problems
4.0|screen is osum .camera is great but in night some pictures are ok. heating feels only while playing games but it is tolerable not too much heating processing is good. battery is not upto the mark .in normal usage battery backup is only one day . phone is very light in weight. look of the phone is awesome . not too much problem of storage .it has sufficient storage for normal purpose . for expanding you use otg pendrive. overall phone rating is 8/10.
3.0|Hi friends, I brought this Phone and the delivery is prompt...of course the product is good too....I love the display, camera, ........but the major thing I am worried is about the phone calls.......major times my phone calls are disconnecting during the calls. Even though I made it repair at the service centre.. by updating the software...but the issue is not resolved. Hope It shall be resolved soon. Thanks & Regards Mithun
4.0|Pros:- Good design, stylish look, no lagging/hanging, Good battery backup, good camera(Front/Back),Light weight, Reasonable price Cons:- slightly Heating problem. Sound is not much high as required No Support for SD Card- doesn't matter Xiaomi not giving any ear phones-Why ? I am facing very low sound problem in ear speaker as well as other main speaker Otherwise mobile phone is superb. kindly let me know the solution. Rating 4/5 jeet bhumbla
1.0|This mobile is not as per our expectation.we were expecting very fast processsing as per latest budget mobile available.but it is very slow.
5.0|Excellent phone. Slim, light, fast, great looks. Mi UI is excellent with intuitive options for when you need it. Many of the Mi UI features you'll find better than stock Android. This phone offers so much that its hard to believe its available for this price. Comparable specs phone are available for 18-19k. If you are concerned about Mi brand, don't be. I have become a loyalist after trying several brands and now have 3 Mi phones in my family!
4.0|Classic phone, delivery got delayed by one day as per SMS sent by Amazon. Phone is good but go for 32GB because 16 GB is very less. Phone have one issue that is heating but in this price you can bare with it..i am happy with it..another issue i cannot connect some pendrives to this model while same pendrive i could connect to other MI phone like redmi 1S, note etc. True caller & CM security app is not working in this phone, MI need to workout.
5.0|This is the third one I have bought from Xiaomi, after buying mi3 and Redme 1S. Mi4i is the best of the three in terms of sleekness, looks, and weight, and is as good in performance as mi3 at a great price of 10,000! So far so good. I hope the button on my now more than a year old mi3 does not start giving trouble soon---it is now less than satisfactory at times, brings the display to life momentariy and then I need to press one more time.
3.0|Good phone for this price. Obviously, Can't compare this phone to I phone, but the specs we get for this price are more than satisfactory.
5.0|Good and i had an issue with 4g connectivity of airtel, when enquired with airtel theyguided to play with settings but nothing worked out. Atlast i fornmated my phone and tried connecting and 4g works perfectly fine. i feel audio is low compared to other mobiles.Even many mi4i many users facing connectivity issue with it when you google it but when i reformated and tried my phone all worked fine so if anyone face similar issue do try it.
4.0|i have got this product for rs11999-6.6%cashback i.e rs10854 you can also buy from cashkaro and save thousands over Internet shopping(amazon, myntra, jabong, snapdeal&many more)and an unbelievable cash back of 20%on American swan's site . you may get extra 100rs credit if you join with the following link http://cashkaro.com/r=119426 just copy the link in your browser's address bar and enjoy great savings
1.0|MI 4i not meet my requirement as seen in website.. when i opened the box and start using cell then i found touch pad is not working well after 3 to 5 times touch then work and other application also not running , facebook and other whenever i connect the facebook then after 5 to 10 second auto discconnect.. i complain the by call but not reply from the Service station whihc is also around 450 km from the my house...???
4.0|Happy with the delivery experience. The phone is good value. Pros: -Super light - Awesome camera (selfie mode even better) - Good display and excellent touch and response - No heating issues so far. Cons: - Bit plasticky look especially the white color. - Low volume on speaker - Sometimes (rarely) calls are not received, I've upgarded the firmware hopefully the issue does not recur.
2.0|Im not satisfied with this phone. phone is getting heat after update also. i just red the so many reviews, everyone said that this very good phone and not heating problem. i just download the Marvel Contest of Champions and start playing, really its lagging sometimes its getting struck and getting too hot. even Octra core processor why the game is lagging i didn't understand. Im playing this same game on my Honor 4x without lagging.
3.0|I am using the android phone for the first time with all reviews and suggestions i finally bought mi4i from Amazon. I am not all satisfied with product, phone gets hangup very frequently and asking for regular updates. The camera is very good. Display is awesome with full HD. The mobile gets heated up for very less time. I kindly suggest that ask the people who are using it for atleast 6 months and taken decision according to it.
4.0|I bought this phone on 13th of OCT. Overall this phone is much more better than the other phones in this range...specially the HD screen is very awesome... But the only problem I am facing in this phone is its automatic decreasing sound while playing songs...its sound decreases to very low level within 5 secs...I have checked the settings...but couldnt resolve the issue...so please check this issue when anybody buys this phone..
4.0|Got it on the festive sale mi4i grey. On the first 4 days ive gone through the fon my review is like, its a good phone but not the best. Being a heavy gamer it didn't reach my expectation.MC5 is lagging all the time and getting force closed after 4 mins.so if you are a heavy gamer better is go for mi4. But if no heavy gaming, phone is cute and has a premium look, light weight.so this is all wat ive got. Good luck.
4.0|Very good phone. All d features we get within d budget. Only concern is dat this phone does not have extendable memory capacity..
2.0|No expandable memory and also price of the same has been decreased to 2000 when i purchased Mi 4i (16GB, Grey)
3.0|Guyz The is aswome bt come of the cons are it only 12 gb memory Its process runs only 1.1 ggz 1.6ggz tk jaa sakta hai Bt tab bhot zada heat hoo jata hai N zada der 1.6 maitntain nhi kr pata N charging port ko thorda carefully use krna Vo jerks nhi jhel sakta n bhot zaldy khrab hota hai Mainly problm issy ko le kr hoty hai service center p fer 20 days k phn gya...
4.0|A very good phone. No heating issues faced by me. The only problem I would like to comment is the processor seems to be bad. Its either the processor or its the MIUI that makes the phone a bit laggy (negligible though). Got it for my sister in pink. Matte. Looks wise it resembles more of Redmi 2Prime than MI 4i. If someone is confused between MI 4 and MI 4i than surely go for MI 4.
2.0|I received mi 4i mobile bt im not happy with mobile .i didn't get headset and screen cover . Wt is the problem plz let me know
5.0|I bought the Mi4i after I lost my moto g 1st gen and just one day before the sale. Anyways. I love the phone. It has very wide screen and looks very expensive and royal almost like an Iphone. It has a very smooth interface. IT did take some time to start when I got it yesterday but once it started and all the updates very downloaded and installed, it worked so well. I best part about it are the various themes, I am a theme freak! and it really gives the phone an edge above others. There are no heating issues. At this price, i think the phone is so much better than moto g. I am not a very big on gaming so i dont need additional space, I am good with my basic apps. So I would definitely recommend this phone to everyone.
4.0|It's been a week since I bought it through Amazon's wonderful service. For 10k it is a steal, believe me. Beautiful display, all midrange features, decent camera.... Of course it has performance issues here and there which you can't complain when it is a steal! Well I am one of those who thinks that it is a waste of money to spend 40/50k for a smartphone when it is available for a 10k!!. Good luck people!!!
5.0|Got this as a gift to my dad. This is his 2nd touch screen phone and he is just loving it. The touch and the screen quality is brilliant. The phone is is fast and doesn't hang up even if multiple applications are opened. The battery back up is brilliant too. Over all an awesome phone and worth the money paid. Thanks Amazon for the prompt follow-ups during the replacement and the timely delivery.
4.0|Its a good phone in all respect but the major drawback is its limited memory. I received 2 MIUI updates n my internal memory became 10GB(free) instead 12Gbs n I cant revert it. That means with each new system updates(MIUI) it will eat up some Mb'sand you are not going to get back again even after hard format. Also, you can't clear the Misc memory from phone. Otherwise my phone works fine with Good Camera.
5.0|Very good good product.......... Awesome delivery by amazon only delivery boy daisy to delivery at door step. And mi4i in very budgt phone during the dhamaka offer.... Overll is good 13mp camera 5mp front 2gb ram Miui 6.7.8.9 Upgradble to android 6.0 Performance also good 4g awesome. I am very happy to buy...thanks amazon...and ofcourse xiomi.....team.
3.0|Below my expectations. I was using a IPhone 4 and thought that this phone will be very good after looking at the configuration. Though the phone look very nice and has good display. It is light and thin. Camera quality is also good. I am not a heavy phone user but found that the phone heats up for unknown reasons, hangs while using internet is some other applications and does not have a great battery.
5.0|Delivery: Amazon amazes in its express delivery. The product was delivered safely and timely. Mi4i: It is our first Mi series phones for us. Our requirement was quick processor speed, good internal storage and a great camera. It has worked very well on all its specifications. Very delighted. The phone that we compared was Moto G (3rd generation). Recommendation: Awesome device!!
4.0|Everything is awesome. My only complain is that sometimes, the touch response has a lag. Otherwise a great value for money.
5.0|I am using Mi4i for the last two months. I found the Mobile phone very nice, beautiful and user friendly. There is no heating or hanging. I recommend this Mobile phone who are looking for a Best Mobile phone Under 12000/- I found two small things, the Power/wake-up button is hard. and Automatic dialing happens when not in Power-off mode while in pocket. Yahiya A P Kannur, Kerala
1.0|very very disappointed...only 12 hours and phone got hanged....and finally it tot bursted in my bed...........cheap cheap cheap. This is not about the money itself what about the life which is on stake if you came across this kind of products! My hand is get injured and luckily this phone is not get busted while talking to some one otherwise I would have not able to write this review even#######!!
1.0|i have purchase MI 4I ...Order no : 402-5259870-1036302 one month before ..i which i have issues like touch problem ,audio jack symbol display issue...i have even spoked with amazone customer care many times but no response ...when i talk to MI 4I service centre they are saying it is mother board problem and it will take 20 to to 30 days ...i cant wait for such a long time so i need replacement..
5.0|Great product.. Good design.. Light weight.. Camera quality is just awesome can be compared with sony cameras.. Call quality is good.. And speakers, oh my god they r beautifully loud (beware they can damage your ear if kept very close).. The overall performance of the phone is very good.. Slightly heats up backside rarely and that's just fine.. Lucky me, I got this for 10k.. Definitely go for it
4.0|Its been alomost one month use and i woukd say this is perfect phonr for a normal person who love gaming, does multi tasking.. Battery is decent enough to hold one day. Screen clarity is bery good, camera is also good, touch sensitivity is great.. The only reason i could find which is a part of cost cutting is the sensors, which is neglectable for this price.. Every brand manufactures 2% of faulty products.. Dont be scared of reviews which says my product is faulty... If u r unlucky u will get faulty whether it is iphon or mi... I havent faced any difficulty yet. I have been playing asphalt and 3d sniper which is very high end games and never faced hanging issues..
5.0|Very Good mobile. + Points : OS: 1. Customized OS. 2. Can be Control Internet access of APP. 3. Can Set privacy option to Individual APP. 4. Smart Notification. Hardware : 1. Awesome Camera. 2. Compact. 3. Cool Design. 4. Notification Light. 5. Both Sim 4G. -ve Points : 1. No Water Proof. 2. No expandable memory.
5.0|touch sensitivity of the phone is on par ipad as i use both of them. mi ui is good. hardware lags sometimes however it is fine for the price of 10000 - 1500 cash back = 8500. high quality Photos from this phone which is another excellent point. it keeps hot sometime while playing games, charging & browsing before software upgrade but now it is ok and <= when compared with top brands.
5.0|A perfect phone in every sense for everyday requirement. The phone is beautifully designed and the screen is exceptional. Compare it with other 5 inch phones and you will the feel the difference. The back cover is scratch resistant, front has a gorilla glass protection, a snapdragon processor and 2 gb ram..Perfext for this price bracket. I got it for 9999...from amazon. Cheers Amazon..
4.0|Mi4i.. My first android mobile phone. Secondary Camera - 5/5 sound - 4/5 front camra - 4/5 GUI- 4/5 Speed - 4/5 Only Concern is the battery Backup when full usage of the mobile and dual sim also working. secondly heating problem near the ear piece that u can't not even want to make connection while it is heated. Amazon delivery - 5/5.
3.0|Cons - speakers quality poor(volume is low compared to moto phones) -heating( all cpus, battery and other parts are above 37 degrees, even with little wifi usage it bumps to 48 degrees) -build quality not good -cpus are over clocked. Most of the time all 8 cores are active. I don't if this is poor software issue or a hardware bug -ram : only 800mb is available in idle time. Why xiaomi claims 2gb ??
5.0|All together it is wonderful experience with Amazon.... Great product which iam looking for.,....It's really amazing. After reading all the comments and the reviews I was in a dilemma but after using it I found by myself it is a great product indeed. Battery lasted for 26hrs in one full charge, no heating at all, no lagging, very Handy , picture quality is great, a must buy mobile.
1.0|shame on you peopl for selling this type of products its hangig frequently i booked a date for return unfortunately i went out of station and now 1 week is completed an i cant return i wat tha f**k i can do with this hanging one i should hang or i should hang u, even the service center is not available near to my location i should travel 800km to make this f**king phone working
4.0|This product is good. I bought 16 version of this phone, so far the phone is working fine. If any of u have a price range of 13k to 15k and looking for below characteristics then they can buy this phone: 1) Build Quality. 2) UI is just ossom(MIUI). 3) Camera Quality 4) Video Quality 5) Light Weight 6) Slim Constarints: Non expendable
2.0|I purchased yest for 9999 its hotter then Shakira will return after few more checks still it persists same prob....
4.0|It is a nice mobile and looks beautiful. performance also good . In wi-fi it load the data fast compare to others .
1.0|This phone is such a waste. The screen is of very poor quality and cracked on it's own without any physical impact. The customer support is worthless. They simply won't reply to your mails.
4.0|I got the product well within suggested time. I bought this handset after reading up reviews of top selling mid range mobiles. I saw lots of complaints about low volume on earlier versions of handset. However the product I bought is working well on all counts. As compared to Samsung grand duo which I replaced I think the photos taken with this handset look a bit washed out.
3.0|After using for a month , i feel it okay for the price . There are minor glitches among them most annoying was when its not-responsive , I have seen this kind of hang in Android high end phones too . Camera both video / photo are excellent . Major complaint : Many people found my phone is switched off .. here I cant say weather its network problem or Phone problem .
5.0|Device was in a very good condition. Disappointed with storage available but that was known when I ordered all. Display is very good. Camera is good in daylight, below average in low light conditions. Performance is good. Have to use for more time to know about battery issues. But for the price range it belongs to, the best device.
3.0|MI 4i was bought for a discount. The Model is good. But lacks in the Screen durability. The Screen got damaged within 3 days of purchased and had to be replaced. MI 4i charges around 5K for the screen but in local market you can get it for 3K. It also sometimes hangs when the camera is on and a call comes. In future I might not go for MI Products that for sure.
5.0|awesome phone....camera result is brilliant and front camera is excellent... ane no heating issu....long battay life.... when fon arrived i was play game and other continues 5 hour...but phone not heat..... go for it.... i am confused about mi 4i and moto g 3 gen....but finally i bought mi 4i... i m verry happy..... go for it....
4.0|After using it for near about 6 months , I ll say it a good phone with some bugs in every update. So update only after reading reviews. Pros:Display, Camera,Fast ,looks, front camera ,battery Cons:Heat up while games , rest its cool Ringtone voice low, earpiece too loud ,bugs In MIUI Overall a good phone if bought for using normally
5.0|Nice Mobile with Nice price 9,999/- with cash back. Pros: Excellent Camera with quick capture Decent Battery life Heating is fine nd acceptable condition Cons:No External Memory(But Price 9999/- is excellent option) Should have given Gripped Back cover. Overall Nice phone..., No other phone presently matchable with MI4I.
4.0|This is a good product, but the greatest disadvantage is it burns like a mini sun. The processor heats up a lot and at times you cant even put it on your ear to talk, company needs to see into this matter its really irritating and just not excepted by the customers. More over the camera despite being excellent at times hangs and takes lot of time to get booted again.
2.0|It's 2GB RAM helps my Vodafone 3G data pack work at a much more faster speed. I had never experienced this kind of lighting 3G speed before. & the battery of the phone gets charged in very less time. But unfortunately I got a defective piece. Its touch screen is not working. Thanks to Amazon.. They have initiated return of this product & shall refund my money.
5.0|The phone was delivered within 2 days of the order placed. The details of the product is accurate. I didnt like the feature that this phone doesnt support external memory card. So people who want more memory should think of this factor before buying. Anyways this was mentioned in the product details. A very nice resolution and better feel of the screen clarity.
5.0|actually this phone is quite cool !! Sharp / JDI 1080p DIsplay Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 4G Dual SIM Dual standby 13MP Sony / Samsung camera 3120mAh All-day battery MIUI 6 Based on Android L and the price is really cool and you know as a customer wants a smooth phone and it is the one.
3.0|Product is okie but we can use like iron box. If u don't have iron box in home purchase this. Can use it for multiple purpose. But fearures are very impressive. Phone strucking very badly and battery charging time is more and discharging very badly when using mobile data. But very special thx to amazon for its service for taking back this product.
4.0|Very much satisfied with this phone.Camera is very effective. Easy to download all essential apps. Very user friendly. Now the cons. No provision for SD cards.User manual provided with the set is of no use and I am unable to find it any link to download it from web including xiomi official website, which makes it difficult toacssesentire functions with ease
4.0|MI4I - POINT 1. hiting problum 15 min me heat krta 2. mi4i ne screen cover k liye glass nhi diya 3. micro chip nhi lagti 4. 16 gb internal to 10 gb show karta are aap ko 10 gb show karvana tha wo bat alag hai ki 6gb application ne le liya + POINT 1. Camera 8/10 es rate me sube se acha 2. very fast handset
3.0|Phone is good but i am facing issue of call drop when using LTE. i have to disconnect internet to make call, exceptable up to some point but helpless during incoming calls ( it gives bad impression to opposite party specially when its client call or Conference call). Also no expandable memory is big disadvantage as we receive only 11 Gb for use.
5.0|Got this phone today for my uncle the phone is super and it is the best phone available at this price mainly I like the 1080p display and 13mp camera which r excellent and also the huge 3120 battery with quick charge which I did not charged yet but I can clearly say that this the best phone in this price ( I bought this phone in the offer price of ?10000 )
3.0|It is becoming over heat while using the Internet. I requested for replacement it and time date also was fixed from my side. But no one else came out to collect it on fixed date. instead I received massage 'replacement date is rescheduled on my request' in fact I have not done any reschedule for replacement. I felt bad by such massage received by Amazon
1.0|Not a good phone. After a month all the apps stopped working.. Though calling the CC they did not reply..
3.0|Boon: Slim Stylish Compact: can use by one hand Touch is super Front camera Bane: Battery back.. on paper only Data connection issue: need to refresh on connect, not on single touch No head phone Only 10GB space available out of 16GB (not extendable) Rare camera not as expected is equal to 8mp
5.0|Got the phone for 9999 in sale with 15% cash back from HDFC. Still awaiting cash back. But once I get the cash back of 1500. This would be the ultimate deal at 7500. The phone is no doubt good till it works, as their services are poor. But I am really happy with the phone. It's got ultimate feature & very good camera. Camera not good after sunset.
3.0|I am using this phone for week now. No major problems till now with Average performance. Cons: 1.Hardware quality is not good as Sony/Samsung products. 2.Connector for charging is not fitting well. 3.Screen is too much glossy. Pros: 1. MIUI 7 is great software with lot of customization. 2. Camera is super.
1.0|No one should buy this phone .As it is a chinees company it's work like a CHINA MAL and all of you know the meaning of CHINA MAL. When i brought this phone i faced problem like android system is not working ,differnt softwer after some time of run show unfurtunately ...***** softwer stoped working. sound quality is not so good.
4.0|Not too bad at all. Has a wonderful camera, the heating issues that everybody speaks of isn't that big of a problem. For 9999 it was definitely good vfm. Upgraded now to Miui7, MIUI is exceptionally user friendly and has very good graphics and yes as customization as you need it to be. Definitely better than other Chinese-made Indian phones out there.
4.0|Good phone within budget, much better than the Samsung flagship, slim fast handy looks just the accurate size, mi4 is more bulkier than mi4i, network connectivity is sometimes problematic, it does not connect sometimes, first time use had heating issues resolved after update of 800mb, nice budget OS lollipop mobile, go for it, it has torch app inbuilt
1.0|I purchased this mobile last month. I very much frustrated with the mobile because of heating problem.mobile is getting heated even 5 minutes usage.I thought of returning mobile however upon looking into the return policy of amazon I was really wondering, it was only 1 week. Finally i realized that wasted money for such a microwave phone.
5.0|Awesummmmm.....love this phone.... smooth performance...thumbs up to new update MIUI 7 it doesnt heats up now usually.... front camera generates good selfie.....its till now performing so smooth that i just love it.....hardware acceleration n graphics interface are good while playing heavy animation games..... overalll a must buy phone
5.0|Nice product indeed!!! Initially I was worried enough abt the heating problem I heard b4 purchasing the product but there was nothing as it is hiped so much of it...but take updates if available, your heating problem will get vanish completely afterward....abt camera need not to mention anything....nice product within the range of 10k!!
5.0|I'm very satisfy with this mobile Mi4i is the best phone ever i had seen in this amount this mobile is prfect for all as looking this phone is very slim and comfort in hand so i insist you if ur budget is not so high so this phone is perfect for u and i hope in future this mobile work nicely and never i'll face any problem. Insha Allah
4.0|I ordered Mi4i in little confusion about its performance but now I m much relieved n it's worth for your money. Amazon delivered it in time n much faster than my expectations. Phone has excellent camera quality and superb display. Phone has excellent performance just one con that is heating issue. Also it doesn't come with headphones.
3.0|The phone looks pretty good and the handling is just fine. But am not able to use my internet data effectively. It always shows server error though am nit facing this on any other phone with the same sim. From the reviews I hav read before no 1 else has reprted anything lyk this. I am contemplating applying for a replacement or return
2.0|Product looks and feels good... But major drawback id heating of screen. If 3 or more apps are running, it heats up..that's a major problem as one can't even talk without feeling the heat. Also, 3000mah battery, and doesn't last even 12 hours of no game usage...that's pretty bad. Bought it seeing the discounts.. But its not worth it.
2.0|Its not even a month old the Mi4i mobile as started acting up. It was delivered on the 17th. Started using the cell from the 22nd. And the problem started from around the 1st week of Nov. The cell would stop on its own and then keep restarting again and again. I am yet to speak to the service agency...hope this problem is solveable.
4.0|Doesn't heat up ..... Really fast processor u can enjoy high quality videos. Slim and stylish also
1.0|the phone screen doesnot have any standard. the screen got a crack just by finger pressure,twice . On serious note dont buy this phone its just a waste.I firstly received a defective phone then mi took 3 months in getting it replaced then after one month usage the screen got cracked twice. It is not worth to specd 12k on this s***
4.0|Its Very good looking - light-weight phone no problem at all for me at least, but person talk a lot on mobile pls dont consider this because this phone get bit hot white long talk and also 16 gb memory (not expandable) may get less for person who like to stores hd movies an pic otherwise its an amazing device superb camera (both)
3.0|The display is very good. Amazing battery life. Good camera. The main issue is with the performance. It lags quite frequently and heats up considerably also. The GPU is not fit for a 1080p screen and there is CPU throttling also. MIUI is also quite heavy on the RAM. Overall it is a mediocre product as the device feels sluggish.
2.0|Signal issue, Heat issue, gets hang sometime ,touch is Not that smooth and it doesn't look good in Hand. Overall I will Not recommend this phone when there are so many good options available in market under 10000. I have returned mine will go new XOLO Black 1X better specs for the same price. Thanks Siddharth
5.0|The phone is really awesome just a bit of lag issues but no heating issue never experienced great camera and themes make this phone great all this things make phone really good and plz buy mi band with it too.best in its range and fast and user friendly must find some difficulties using miui skin but will get used to it
5.0|Solid phone man..!!! Best in th budget.. No complaints except heating issue which would be masked by th performance. :) Outstanding camera quality especially low light. Battery backup is good.. Feel its far more better than competitors moto g3 nd k3 note.. Lacks mmc card slot wiz slightly disappointing..
3.0|Average phone. The phone gets warm. Phone slips in hand. Touch is sometimes not sensed properly. Radio does not work unless a headset is connected, which is not part of the package. Though 16GB storage is claimed, only 10GB is available for use. For someone used to stock android 5.0, the navigation is very confusing.
4.0|Initially when i got this product within 15 hours of order time, i was very happy, however the product was defective as the sound was decreasing regularly on audio. I put a replacement order and got it replaced withing next 1day. Service of Amezon was awesome. This was one of the best phone in the price band of 12000k
2.0|Actually the main thing is heat .. and Camera is poor in Night mode when compared with MI prime 2 Processor is slow when compare with Prime , i have chosen 16 gb but main thing is 5 gb is utilized for system settings only I want a small confirmation if the phone is getting heat . shall i return to you
4.0|Loved the product. The only problem i faced was date and time was not getting set as per India time. But when i Updated it new OS update of MI, it started working fine. I bought it for my mom as a gift. The camera quality is awesome and sound is like you are listening a song in big base speakers. Overall a good buy.
5.0|I've been using Mi 4i (Grey) for 2.5 weeks now. I haven't had any issues so far. What I like about this phone: 1. The Camera- one of the reasons I bought this phone is the 5MP front camera. My previous phone's selfie quality sucked so bad I could barely recognise myself. The back camera has a two-tone flash which is something I've wanted for a long time. 2. The display: It has by far the best display! Even phones worth 30k don't have such a crystal clear display. 3. Smooth interface- I play a lot of games and not once has this phone hanged or even lagged. Absolutely smooth UI experience. Way surpassed my expectations. 4. Sleek but sturdy- this phone has the looks of a supermodel with the strength of a bull. Need I say more? 5. Battery- I listen to a LOT of music, play a LOT of games and window shop on Amazon A LOT and still this beast doesnt give up! Also I've to charge it for lesser time than my old phones (Xperia & Moto E) . 6. Super-fast internet, even WiFi works better. Saves me a lot of time. What I dislike about this phone: 1. What is with the "no memory card slot" trend? Why? JUST WHY?? I don't like OTG, it's not convenient for me. So I rely completely on the internal memory :( 2. No headphones :-/ Thankfully, I bought a pair of JBL last month so that's not a issue for me. But i'd heard that Mi earphones have a kickass sound quality and was eager to try them out but alas! Shelling out an extra 500 -1000bucks for headphones AFTER having paid almost 13k for this phone irks me. 3. Overheating- not really an issue since it happens to all phones. I use it continuously for hours together and I'd be rather worried if it didn't heat up :P Overall- GO FOR IT! THE best for under 15k. Spend a little extra on the headphones and memory and it's still totally worth it. I'm so glad I bought it.
5.0|-> No overheat -> Phone performance is awesome -> Slight lag while playing high end games -> MIUI6 software is pretty cool. Quite user friendly. -> Only drawback, I feel is no SD card slot. -> Much more than value for money. Superior than other phones in this range.
5.0|Don't go on the negative reviews of others about this phone. This phone is just awesome.. Update to MIUI 6.7 and not to MIUI 7 and bingo its done!! Camera and picture quality is very good.. Low light pictures are not that fine.. Really great battery backup.. It lasts upto 14hrs with both my sims in 3g mode..
4.0|its not 16gb internal memory its only 12.79gb in which around 2 gb is busy in system software and application. we want company should never misguide the customer and should say the truth because customers are not the fool and they know the price n software value. otherwise overall good product in this price range.
5.0|If you want better Smartphone, you must go for Mi4i. It has exceeded my expectations.Some of the features of this Mobile are not available in many Smartphones under 15k. Once you use this , you will not go for any other brand.Very responsive touch. Good battery life. Amazing features. No cons. Rasik Dagli
4.0|I won't blabber about all the specs and stuff coz you must be already aware of it. In a nutshell, it's a super phone at a price of 8.5K (got it during the sale period). Product is good. Only cons are that you cannot use an add-on SD Card and that it heats up in performance mode (even after the software update).
1.0|Pros: Delivery is okk Cons: 1. A lot ofHeating problem while talking. 2. Battery life is also very poor, it gets discharged soon. 3. Net connection probem, while connecting with net the signals are not coming . So guys, i wil say not go for this . Really i had a very bad experince
5.0|Awesome phone, except heating issues everything is perfectly fine with this phone Even the heating issues goes away if you upgrade your Android version. Photos shot in HDR mode are too good. In nutshell this phone is worth every single penny. On top of it Amazon service was too good, kudos to Amazon team.
5.0|I would give considering the price(just rs. 8500 after offer & cash back), look(stunning), performance(quite amazing), and also the negative reviews(that I read before purchasing) of the mobile. I thought of buying honor 7. Fortunately i chose Mi 4i On the whole I'm totally happy with the delivery and product.
4.0|In Diwali session offer got in 9999/-. first of all very good service from Amazaon. I ordered at night surprising got in the next morning.. 1. I have updated the phone with latest version so No heating issue so far. 2. Battery life is very good. 3. phone looks awesome 4. Very good phone quality. Cons. 1. Only issue headphone is not given with the product. we have purchase.
2.0|The phone is good. The issue that i faced is that the phone heats like a frying pan. This is the case when i was just checking my mails.seriously fail to understand how and why such poor performance. Really disappointing. I wasted my half day in trying to figure out why the phone is getting heated up so fast.
1.0|Within the month charging problem...mobile is not getting charged ..not able to transfer data via usb connector. Amazon is not replacing as only 10 days return policy. though i have heard good about phone but experiencing is such poor hardware quality. Never expected problem in new phone within 20 days.
1.0|Phone is totaly low class.....i have bought this phone 12 days prior and now its creating peoblem with battery....after full charging it shut down after 20-30 minute....Also its hang....file taking too much time to open due to hang....i am totaly dissapointed ....very bad product....third class qualiy.....
5.0|Mi4i is best mobile in terms of value for money. I got it at 10k with 1500 cash back during Amazon sale against its mrp of 13k. Only drawback is its limited memory of 16 GB. Otherwise mobile is working very good, battery back up and charging is good. It offers best features in mobiles upto 15k category.
4.0|Mobile is too good best at this price.no heating issues no lagging,few issues found till now are 1)Camera is not good during day and night compared with my previous nokia mobile having 8Mp camera. 2)signal breakdown some times(may be because of network but never faced with my previous mobile).
2.0|The product was not as good as described. The ram was mentioned 2 GB however only 550 mob available. Also the rear camera mentioned was 13 mp however it was poor than 8 mp. I have returned the product in 1 day asked for a refund . please do not go for the mobile phone. You will repent for this prpduct
2.0|Network issues... I'hv activated 3g services for airtel on this device but from very 1st day i can't use my services properly with only 0.20kbps to max of 1.15kbps and my playstore and browser's both also not working. I have done every possible ways to make it work but still i'm unable to use services.
4.0|Miui 6.7.2.0 is simply a good optimisation and phone itself is best in this price point but I would rather suggeste 32 GB varient. I had k3 note but it was heating so much and built quality is below average with lots of blotware. Paying 10000 is much better than going for moto g3.
3.0|Please don't give fake information of battery , that it is of 3120 mAh . The original capacity of the battery is only 3020 mAh . But overall this phone is amazing and is having better features than any other phone available in this price range . Camera quality is too good . At last it is worth buying.
5.0|Amazing phone, more than expected. Pros: Long Battery life, Magnificent display(1080p), sleek body, splendid design, impressive camera and many more. Cons: Gets heated(though moderately) and has got no earphones. Overall: More than sufficient in 13,000. Ab kya jaan loge itne me...
2.0|This phone heating while long term answering the calls. So that I returned the product.
4.0|It's good phone at the price range. However I should say phone has a bit heating issue if we use continuously for quite some time (after update of firmware) . I think everyone aware of this and would agree to afford due to specs & quality Vs price offering. Camera is at its best at price segment.
5.0|I'm really loving this great product.Having Great BATTERY Life, Quick Charge 50% in 30-40 min. Excellent Display and Perfomance also Good.Lastly Good Camera and very Slim and Light Weight. So Recommend this product to EveryOne. Thanks Xiaomi for providing Very Good Products at very Affordable Prices.
4.0|Everything is fantastic, except for one thing, that is, after switching on any media, like FM, or playing music, volume decreases to bare minimum , it can't be raised by any means. Wish to contact seller and manufactured for the remedy. Besides all FM channels are not getting switched on. Need help..
4.0|The only problem came with it is, The mike of the handset does not make a clear voice,so the other person always has problem in hearing u comfortably and everyone goes on complaining that they can't hear u and speak little loud and clear. Other than that,it is all ok. So much given in less amount.
4.0|Awesome phone in this price range.. The camera is been fantastic and so is the performance. Just a con about this phone is, it gets heated up a bit. I guess all the smart phones do nowadays with such high battery and processor.. Overall I would recommend this phone unless you are 24/7 game freak.
4.0|Nice product at very good prise 9999/-. amazon providing best deal than any other sellers and delivered with in 2-days. Recommend all to go for it : those who are worried about over heating issues, i want to confirm that after upgrading to miui 6.7 almost 90% of heating problem is resolved.
4.0|Good phone for a good buy in the sale time. Yeah it is becoming hot at few times but that is bearable, I can understand that is due to its OCTA core processing. No other lagging or any other issues observed so far. I am not a power user though. Will keep post if I see any issues.
3.0|Mi4i Very nice and cute phone. Both front and back camera awesome. Working fast. But giving very much heat after updated also and also not connecting internet even when having full network. These 2 issue which im seeing after usage of 10 days. Other than this, it is really lovely mobile to use.
4.0|Just Received Before time from Amazon. No problem in Shipping & delivery process. Looks, Processsor is perfectly fine. Good camera quality just little less to 13 MP . Front camera is not functional when u have screen guard. is this regular or is this a problem please guide me. Overall best ...
2.0|Product is good but due to some issues the camera stopped working. So had to return.
5.0|Awesome phone no heating and no fast drainage battery problem .... Its looks so nicw
3.0|Recently i have taken this product in cash back offer(HDFC). 2Months completed still cashback pending. HDFC customer care said we are not responsible for this. Please don't trust these offers in Amazon.in site. Product is very good and working fine no issues found, but audio quality not good.
4.0|Pros: 1.Slim body 2.octa core processor 3.nice cameras specially the front one 4.fast charging and up to 4hrs with heavy uses 5.connectivity is good. Con's: 1.no expandable memory. Only 10.38 GB user can use. 2.only 1gb ram is available for user.
5.0|Superbbbbbbbb cellphone Camara Quality very nice battery back up very good display amezing sliem phone sound quality is excellent really very nice cell phone but its a probleme my cell phone mayak are damage so i have replacement this thankyou amazone service
4.0|So far so good. I ordered the product on 13th Oct and received it by 15th oct,thanks to Amazon's two-day delivery.the blue color is just awesome and the miui is also great. It is definitely a good buy any this price,after installing the new miui update there is no heating problem upto now
1.0|Thought i have purchase this mobile from amazon and also applied screen guard. But now this mobile replaced because of defect. The pain which i have been through and even money which are wasted who will be responsible for the same. Kindly improve the service so we face some less pain.
4.0|Got the defective phone on first delivery which did not have any display on starting but the phone was promptly replaced by Amazon. The second phone is working good. Phone has excellent camera and good built in. Didn't liked its speaker quality much. Overall a good budget phone.
2.0|camera is blur & Heating Issue. I got it after replacement but issue not resolved.
4.0|Very nice product. Pros 2GB RAM, Awesome camera, MIUI. Cons Heating Problem Self declaration for the international standards without going for actual certification. Amazon rocks. Morning ordered the mobile. Evening got the it with one delivery
1.0|This is very disappointing. Front cam is not functiining after a few days of use.
5.0|Nice one... Better functionality.... Smooth usability... Say better in price range..... Just slightly heating after overuse with 3d games or internet..... And u know smartphones with snapdragon processor having littlebit problem of heating... So keep it outside nd go for it...
4.0|Pros Superb look. Excellent features. Light weight. Fast processing. Battery backup is good. Works nicely with WiFi. Cons Mobile data pack doesn't work many times. Applock doesn't work. Heating is still an issue although not serious problem as it recides eventually.
2.0|Not up to the mark,hangs alot an heating like Furness, I used this phone and return in 4 days, Amazon's return policy is very good. Then I brought red mi 2 prime which is too much better than 4i, red mi 2 prime is a very good phone in this price,no hangs no heats, full paisa vasul
5.0|After exploring dozen of devices i have made right choice by going to mi4i.it has great features,slim and light in weight...Camera is best at its price tag, it captures stunning pictures even at low light condition. I got phone delivered within 11 hours ..good job by amazon
4.0|having heating issue after update also..Mobile heats too much after camera use.
3.0|Perrfomence is good ! Hardware and software bugs deprive it.After the update my front camera got affected and its grainy. Such bug from a renowned company wasn't expectedby me.have to replace my front camera.amazon doasent replace it !otherwise phone is beat buy for the price.
4.0|Phone was good in camera, response, no lag Sadly has to visit the service center within 3 weeks of purchase Display broke on drop from 1.5 feet, replacement cost 4.2k Got to know from the mi service center that there were at least 10 mi's with the display issue
4.0|Did not get Charger Socket in the box. Data cabel is there and even the sim pin. Mi 4i is fantastic product. But this glitch makes me feel sick. About phone guys phone is smilly awesome.. Go for it, if memory is not a parameter for your worries.
2.0|dont buy it , it is not price worthing smartphone,go for samsung sony etc. it is looking good but it is total crap. i also buyed one and screen got scratch by just a pensil . i have putted both things in my bag ,and it happens. so all they are claming is fake
2.0|Though it is loaded with all latest specs but does not work per specs. Very slow.. lot of.. toooooo much of lag.. double tap to on the screen is not at all responsive.. very disappointed.. NOT TO THE MARK.. Will not recommend to anybody.. Only plus..sleek-sexy look of phone
3.0|E.mobile who sale this phone very bad packaging ..in plastic bag just really so bad.try to improve your packaging. About mobile update OTA required 1gb omg to much ...its first mobile I see to much data for update. Just go with brand . camera is good in day nnight also.
4.0|Good mobile overall, i received this on last wensday and used for 4-5 days. three things i like in it its battery backup, second its front camera clearity and the last which is its music on headphone is awsome. so value for money. i did not experiece any heating issue yet.
3.0|The phone is very good but little bit heating issue is in it & so much simple functions means not a designer view at screening.. The camera quality is not as good as compared by samsung J5. Both phones having 13 MP camera on back. Colour contrast is not good in camera
5.0|Product is sooooooooo goood but external memory not support. But superbbbbbb.
4.0|Mobile is very nice. But some heating problem during game as well as when see the videos camary is good no dought also displsy quality is good yet iam not getting cash back So during purchase take care during sale may be offer given is fake one
5.0|It's an amazing phone. I will start with the other commenters who say that the apparently the rose part would suggest yellow...The phone is nice but it just went up almost 3999 after I bought it. I've got only 9999+15% Cashback offers. Thanks Amazon with seller
5.0|camera good both back n front.... nice display performance wise good very advance .....and also good standard for china iphone..fooly "paisa wasool" headphone sound better then iphone main sound good light wait body quality good
3.0|The phone is amazing comparitively. Just a issue is Heating! Other than that its amazing. Screen looks awesome and phone quality is also as per the specifications. Thanks! and happy to have it. I would definitely recommend the same to my friends.! :)
5.0|It's been quite a while I have bought this product and it's absolutely flawless. I feel that I got the value for money I paid. Performance is top notch. Display quality is amazing. The phone looks gorgeous in grey. If you are investing money on phone, invest on this.
4.0|The Phone which i like the most purchased for my sister, at a diwali offer for 9999(-15% on HDFC still to get that). At beginning the phone was hanging but later didnt faced that issue. She used only Camera and Call so for hers its working good.
5.0|certified buyer HEIGHTS OF AWESOMENESS......:) Awesome phone...no lags..no heating problem...great UI.... **** Battery ***** Camera(front n rear) **** UI ****** Touch :} + NO LAGS - No headphones - lack of accessories in market IMPORTANT POINT: Update your phone before using it, there is a update of 800mb. IT WILL SOLVE THE HEATING ISSUE ETC
5.0|This is one of the best phones i have ever used. i bought a 32gb version from MI site but i am writing this review here as some people are misleading by adding negative reviews. to be honest this is an amazing phone bang on for the price offered. 1. Heating: this phone gets just a little warm not too much i have used this phone for a week now even 3 days on the previous version. it just gets warm, stop calling it a heater or stuff , a power packed phone will get this warm if you find it too hot better buy some samsung or nokia 101 because that is what is suited for you like how can you not expect a a octa core phone to heat this much. 2. Lagging: there is no lag in this phone at all. miui is heavy but the ram is optimized enough to let you have a lag free experience. 3. Miui needs to be studied well before you know all the features, so stop complaining about things missing everything is well perfect just explore the setting properly. 4.Sound: sound is little low but i found it normal not too low and that is not a deal breaker at all. The phone is the best in this range: perfect camera, perfect looks and perfect experience. Those complaining about only 9 gb available guys every phone having 16gb internal will offer only 9-10gb so flipkart or mi is not misleading you, you are just dumb and not entitled to buy a smart phone. In my opinion you should buy this phone without thinking at all don't think about the bad reviews it is a must buy and trust me you will love it :D if you feel low on storage get a 32gb version. the only problem is a litle low sound but that can be managed. So stop getting misleaded by negative reviews this is by far the best phone in this range
5.0|It probably is too early to write a review (I might jinx it!) since I bought it less-than-a month back but so far, there isn't one thing I don't like about it. I love the look, the size and both the cameras are so good!!!! The battery lasts REALLY long too. Love it.
3.0|Friends i want to tell u first thing about the phone, you cannot put the memory card in it and you cannot remove the back panel or bettry. Sometimes when i on the net then the network is gone and sometimes it shows sim card removed. Otherwise phn is good.
5.0|Excellent buy in diwali sale Very good camera both front and back Initially heated a bit but after miui update no heating issue Very smooth working and easy miui Must buy product if limited memory is not the issue and want one of the best camera
4.0|Excellent processing..great camera rear and front but not with so much detailing....does heat up while playing games such as frontline commando....excellent build quality and battry life....gpu performance is also v gud... At this price this is the best phone
4.0|Product is good. Specially the price tag. i got this phone only in 9999/_ Phone experience is good. There is no any lack or any issue. Camera quality is also good. There is only one lack in this phone, Like, this mobile doesn't have memory card support.
5.0|Thank to Amazon for the faster delivery as I got my phone 1 day before the delivery date. This is such a amazing phone , go for it ....don't think . value for money Amazing camera quality, nice battery back, lots of function. Highly recommendable phone.
4.0|Very good phone Camera is good Heats a little while playing heavy games Its little bit laggs during playing fts The major issue is battery is not too good The best part of the mobile is the display and speaker.. Network is good also
4.0|This phone is good but it could better.rear camera quality is no as good as 13 mp camera should have.half of the he phone capacity has been occupied by apps.and 80 ram has been occupied by processing of apps,means users can not play game and hd videoes smoothly.
5.0|thank you Amazon for such an amazing phone. plus points are HD display, fast internet, lovely touch response, front cam is just an masterpiece by xiomi , no heating problem at all, I'll definitely recommend everyone to buy this all time beast...........
4.0|The product was good. There are heating issues somtimes but the fon is completely normal aftr performing a full reset aftr device is updated and then charge battert full and use it untill its drained and ur fon switches off n charge it n njoy....mi4i
5.0|Awesome i am the Xiaomi Fan and this is my third purchase. Overall i got this beast at just Rs. 8500/- thank you Amazon India your services are awesome and deals. Best than rest. Now always making purchase through amazon, flipkart RIP their people sucks...
2.0|my friend brought tis phone its good when i used it...And i byed a new one..jus 2 days before but it is strucking and front cam is slow..and apps are strucking ........and slow... Hoping it is a default in piece so i requested for a replace ment......
3.0|Mi 4i , is giving a problem , one month its running ok, now its not taking the charge from yesterday. can i get any suggestion. because when i tried for replacement option in amazon, it shows not allowed for return or replacement. what can i do,
2.0|In Spite octa core processor and 2 GB RAM its very slow on processing, Battery also not good as claimed 3120 MAh exhausted very fast. Very poor and unexpected performance. Repenting on my decision to buy MI phones. Will never purchase Mi phone in future.
2.0|Selfie camera is faulty or has developed faulty within a 1 month use. (It was used to click selfie once or twice in a month.) But all of a sudden on 10th nov when selfie camera was put on and the entire screen become blurred with magenta/pink tiny spots.
4.0|Mi4i actually lives up to its expectations. Call quality is good and same goes with the camera. HD recording is also good. Only flaw with this phone is, its too slippery to hold. It slipped off my hand once and the temperd glass protection is damaged.
2.0|Mobile Heating too. Trying for updates, WIFI is not connecting. But it is late I realised to return today. (On 12th day). Waste of money. I lost satisfaction. But, Xiaomi I recommend. May be My Mi4i piece is defective it seems.
1.0|Received the phone yesterday. But both cameras are not working. Clicking on camera app says: Camera error: Still can't connect to camera. Try restarting the device. I restarted several times which dint any improvements. So raised a refund request.
5.0|This one replaced the old non smart Nokia that my wife has been using so far. I'm already using this model since June and was quite happy with it. This one I got for just 10K saving 2K in the bargain. Was a big surprise for my wife on our anniversary.
3.0|no, i don't think . Its not up to my expection as the phone camera slightly blur when i update my mi4i os to 6.7...If i say about merits then it has great looks , good battery backup, nice picture resolution, It a little heatup but that can be ignore.
4.0|used for a week & I love the mobile. got good price 11999/-. Waiting for the15% cashback on credit card. Battery is very good & last for 24 hours with moderate use. Camera is excellent. It takes time to operate mobile features but its smooth now.
3.0|The features are satisfactory but the biggies disappointment for me in Mi4i is its heating issue, due to this i cannot talk more then few minutes because phone gets too hot to hold near ears. everybody in family experience same issue with this phone.
4.0|It's a good product at this range . camera quality so good and many features available in camera. I use this product last two months but no problem found in it. So it is best deal for us...everything is OK .but one issue in it no memory card slot.
4.0|Awesome phone... Must buy... Dont follow any other just go for it....
5.0|Excellent both camera , Battery lasting 36 hour in Normal use if charge full u use more than 5 hour on WiFi continue use Smooth fast display quality excellent Looks very well,I buy flip cover from mi store original its very good
4.0|Camera , battery backup, design, screen clarity & speed is awesome Only issue is speaker volume is very low. Am not hearing the ring Small heating issue is there. But after putting back cover & scratch guard it is ok Value for money
3.0|Good Lags at times And the major problem is that it doesn't connect to your wifi which is very essential for a smartphone You can have it as a secondary mobile and not the primary one provided you a flagship model of any brand .....
1.0|When I open the camera app, the quality is good but after some time it changes to poor quality and showing dots. I updated the software and the problem did not go away. I also tried with different camera apps, it didn't work. Otherwise its good.
2.0|heating issue. u cant keep phone in your pocket becoz heat may create irritation at your thigh. only 9gb is usable when data cable connected. only 700-850mb ram is available for use. pros-price and looks, screen pic quality.
1.0|Mi4i battery performance is very bad and this set is hanging problme
4.0|Postives : 1. 2 GB RAM. 2. 16 GB internal memory. 3. Good camera (both back and front). 4. Very light weight. 5. Value for money. Negatives : 1. No expandable memory card. 2. Not many colour options.
2.0|Very nice and sleek phone. Unfortunately this doesn't come with headphone. Very very very bad news is this will not connect to your car audio system via Bluetooth. You will not be able to get contact list from your Samsung mobile via Bluetooth.
4.0|Good phone. Have used it for only 2 days yet though. Interface is closer to iPhone with flexibility and features of Android. Although the device gets slightly heat up, which is not encouraging. My previous phone was nexus 5, so that was better
4.0|Just awesome phone @reasonable price.. Camara quality is super duper. Front cam is awesome tooo.. Battery backup iss vary good. Fullfill phone u can say.. But earphone u have to buy on your own. Thats why m giving 4 stars. Love this phone
5.0|Amazing hardware for the price. Lagdroid & MIUI have become boring.
5.0|Looks fabulous.. Mind blowing product. Battery backup also good. External memory should be also provided. Earphone is not provided with this phone so it should be also provided of the same brand. Both rear and primary both camera are awesome.
5.0|Its a very nice phone.. Previously i bought yu yureka plus which is also a superb phone but battery life is too weak.. Phone use to die early.. But mi4i has nice battery life.. Excellent frnt camera.. And a compact size.. Im loving it.. ??
4.0|Phone is good, but Amazon promised 15% discount on usage of Amazon app for this purchase if we use HDFC card. its more than two months, still i have not received any response on cashback offer. It looks like Amazon has deceivedin this offer.
5.0|I must say Camera of Mi4i is absolutely fantastic. My overall experience of this mobile till now is good. Past one month I am using this phone and specially battery life is very good. The only thing which is lacking in this is SD card slot.
5.0|After miui7 update with full gaming and little music and also wifi or mobile data are continuously on with auto sink on gets 1and half day battery life...even the built quality of the phone is also good...no heating issue after miui7 update
1.0|I'm buying at September 15 from flipcart.. my phone automatically leave Sim connectivity... both simcard auto restart for network search. my wi fi 3G but mi 4i wi fi catch much slowly... I am cry for lost my 12999 rs. for this product.
4.0|Except external memory.. Very thng is outstanding..heating issue will be set right in max of 3months..performance n cam n display n quality awesome..frequently check for updates n update device to earlier versions to get good performance..
2.0|Extremely small font size for SMS etc. No impact when Font size is increased in the settings as it does not change the system font size. Similarly the Muisc app etc also has extremely small fonts and one has to download other apps to use.
1.0|After one month of Use, screen is not working.... now i hv to go to service center.... dont this is a pain after paying big amt to buy this phone.... my number is 9986953322. let Me c if any amzon guys or xiami guys wil try to cal me.
3.0|Phone is really good , All the features are really awesome and meets my all expectation , only downside is since I started using this phone , I am having tons of calldrop , that's the only problem I am facing . camera is really worth it.
4.0|Product features and quality is good, very good looking handset and well shipped in time to me after purchasing.Features and specification arr very good in comparison to other brands in this Range, Discount available was also attractive.
1.0|disappointed with the product.. no service, gone dead in 4 months
5.0|Excellent product. Delivered in time and orginal product. Love it
5.0|Mi 4i is good mobile
5.0|Value for many with awesome hardware... Competes with i phone 6. Display, camera, performance well above par.. Only drwaback no expandable memory slot.. Heating issue addressed through software updates.. Much better than k3 note..
2.0|The mi 4i phone which was purchased by me on 14th nov 2015 is not working .It does nt recognising any sims there by the purpose of cell os not full filled.So to day I return the cell and send it back to the amazon by bludart services.
5.0|Perfect gift for my mom. Why? Super slim 7.8mm light weighted 130gm Very friendly UI for someone who is not tech savvy. Excellent design to use with one hand. Feels premium. Camera best in its class.
4.0|guyz.. received Mi 4i on 19 th Oct. here is my short review ( MIUI 6.6.6.0) Display : Amazing performance : lagged once, when i was adding accounts and syncing it. no other problems. installed around 12 utility apps. UI is flawless I am not a gamer, so cant tell anything about gaming experience Battery : it is 4.00 PM now and it shows 53% batter, around 25 calls, connected to 3g & Wifi and 3 app installation ( I was checking the settings through out the day) Charging time is nearly 4 hrs. heating : Phone heats when charging. gets little warm if we make calls longer than 10 minutes MIUI : great Camera : not great compared to my previous Lumia 730 ( Lumia 730 had 6.7 MP Carl siezz) Voice clarity : good As of now my only concern is the ringer volume. It is very low. I already missed many calls within two day Overall satisfied with the performance
